*NEW FOR 2025* How To Setup and Defend Bank ALL Sites - Rainbow Six Siege



[00:00]
And  boom.  Hey  up  troops.  A  little  here again  with  another  video.

[00:06]
This  time we're  looking  at  Bank.  However,  it's  the first  time  we're  recording  a  video. Well,  technically  not  the  first  time.

[00:10]
The  first  time  recording  a  defense  setup video  on  CX.  Bank's  going  to  be  rework coming  CX  June  10th.  So,  I  thought  we might  as  well  do  the  setup  on  CJX  on  the test  server.

[00:21]
So,  as  you  may  notice, we've  got  a  test  server  watermark  up here.  Don't  want  to  ruin  the  illusion. We're  also  going  to  have  a  test  server watermark  in  the  game.

[00:27]
You  won't  notice after  a  while.  If  you're  wondering  what that  is,  it's  cuz  we're  on  the  test server  cuz  June  10th  is  still  12  13  days away  or  so.  12  days  away.

[00:35]
Um,  so  yeah, if  you're  wondering  what  that  is,  that's what  it  is.  We're  going  to  look  at  bank. We're  going  to  look  at  all  the  rotates, reinforcements,  headles,  fetto  holes that  you  need  to  know  to  set  up  all  four sites  in  my  opinion  correctly.

[00:45]
One  thing I  want  to  address  straight  away,  and  I say  this  in  every  video,  or  at least  I'm going  to  from  now  on,  these  aren't proleague  setups,  and  I  don't  recommend that  you  follow  some  proleague  setups because  they're  designed  with  certain operators  doing  certain  jobs  in  certain places,  certain  head  holes,  feet  holes, or  angles  in  certain  places.  These setups  are  your  most  generic  ranked setups.  They're  going  to  work  if  you're in  bronze.

[01:08]
They're  going  to  work  if you're  in  champ.  Sometimes  there's  a  bit of  sort  of  difference  between  the  way people  play  the  sights,  but  these  will work  for  the  your  general  player.  This isn't  about,  oh,  I've  got  I've  made  four holes  and  four  different  walls,  so  we've got  one  long  line  of  sight  angle  onto one.

[01:22]
It  isn't  like  that.  It's  your  your general  setups  are  going  to  work  for everyone  in  every  rank.  With  that  said, I  think  that's  enough  waffling.

[01:27]
Let's get  stuck  into it.  Right,  let's  get  started  with  the top  four,  though.  Although  there  is  a sneaky  set  of  speakers  in  this  room  and it's  this  one  I  always  find  is  what  gets that  music  gone.

[01:41]
So  shoot  the  speaker. Right  then.  So  we  are  here  on  bank.

[01:43]
I haven't  made  the  head  hole.  So  let's  do that  to  begin  with.  And  we're  going  to start  at  this  end  in  CEO  and  work  our way  across  the  map  and  go  through  why we've  got  reinforcements  and  rotations etc.

[01:55]
in  the  places  that  we  have.  So  the first  place  is  the  two  reinforcements  on the  left  hand  side  CEO  wall.  I  don't really  need  to  go  into  a  massive  amount of  detail,  but  remember  you  can  also shoot  out  the  top  of  these  walls  and  C4 over  the  top  if  you  want  to.

[02:06]
We've  then got  just  the  left  wall  here  and  then head  holes  on  the  right  side.  This  is  to hold  the  door  into  square.  If  you reinforce  both  of  these  walls,  the attackers  can  just  hang  on,  let  me  show you.

[02:18]
If  you  reinforce  both  of  those walls,  the  attackers  can  just  walt  into square  here.  They  can  just  walk  straight in.  The  only  angle  they  have  to  worry about  from  here  is  this  angle  onto janitor  here.

[02:27]
If  you've  got  these  head holes,  they're  going  to  have  to  have problem.  They're  going  to  have  to they're  going  to  have  to  worry  about problems.  That  was  hard  to  get  out.

[02:32]
Going  to  have  to  worry  about  problems coming  through  square.  Okay,  I reinforced  this  wall  because  I  sometimes like  playing  in  janitor  tied  to  this door  here  to  hold  here.  And  you  can  also hold  into  stock  from  here  as  well.

[02:43]
I haven't  made  the  feet  holes  for  stock. Get  rid  of  this  plant  pot.  And  you  can see  through  the  feet  holes better.

[02:50]
Uh  and  from  this  angle,  you  can also  see  if  anyone  jumps  into  stock  as well.  You'll  see  them  cross  this  gap here.  Um,  there's  something  else  to think  about.

[02:56]
I  wouldn't  do  this  straight away  at  the  start  of  the  round  because you  tend  to  want  to  play  in  janitor  to begin  with,  but  what  tends  to  happen  is you'll  get  attackers  on  these  four windows.  Uh,  one,  two,  three,  four.  And what  then  happens  is  it  sort  of  makes playing  in  CEO  almost  unplayable.

[03:10]
So, you  would  tend  to  sort  of  hide  behind the  bomb  and  and  take  cover  here. Problem  is  with  that,  obviously,  this door  will  be  open.  So,  then  you  tend  to sort  of  retreat  to  janitor.

[03:18]
Now,  what you  don't  want  to  do  is  reinforce  all  of these  walls  because  then  they  can  just repel  straight  into  CEO  and  you  can  do nothing  about  it.  So,  if  they  do  end  up on  the  windows,  I  would  probably  look  at maybe  sticking  a  head  hole  or  two  in here  and  then  at least  you  can  hold  the windows  from  back  janitor  maybe  um  from this  sort  of  area.  Um  whether  I'd  put one  in  the  middle  of  the  wall,  I  don't know.

[03:37]
Maybe  I  would.  But  you  do  want  to be  able  to  have  something  reinforced here  so  you  can  take  cover  and  play  onto the  windows  cuz  if  they  just  repel  on those  four  windows  and  you  can't  get them  off  the  repel  from  lobby,  you're kind  of  stuck.  Um,  so  you  do  want  to  be able  to  fire  back  from  here.

[03:50]
Um,  let's go  through  into  the  next  reinforcement, which  is  this  one  here.  And  this  is  also so  you  can  get  a  similar  line  of  sight out  onto  square.  And  also,  if  this breach  gets  opened  or  if  this  gets opened,  you  can  take  cover  behind  here and  play  behind  it.

[04:02]
Also,  the  windows, if  they're  not  on  these  windows,  if they're  playing  these  windows,  you  can use  this  as  cover  for  those  windows. This  isn't  reinforced.  They  can  just shoot  from  here.

[04:11]
Like  being  on  these  two windows  here,  you  can  just  open  and shoot  through  this  wall,  and  it completely  cuts  off  most  of  the  sight. Then  coming  over  into  Trump.  I  still don't  know  why  this  is  called  Trump.

[04:23]
Um if  anyone  knows,  please  let  me  know.  I always  thought  that  he  looked  like Trump,  but  he  actually  looks  nothing like  Trump.  Um  we  reinforced  this  wall for  the  same  reason  that  we  reinforced this  wall  for  the  windows.

[04:33]
You  can  now play  in  here  if  you  want  to.  Hiding behind  the  window,  hiding  behind  the reinforcement  to  play  the  windows.  Just be  careful  of  the  south  rep,  west  repel, sorry.

[04:41]
Um  with  people  playing  on  repel on  these  windows  here.  Now,  there  have been  these  blinds  added  onto  CJ.  So,  you can't  quite  get  as  good  a  view  as  you used  to  be  able  to  out  of  those  windows, which  is  great  because  if  you're  now playing  here,  you  can't  be  seen  from those  windows  anymore,  whereas  you  used to  be  able  to  repel  all  the  way  up  to this  area  here  and  you  could  just  hold these  areas.

[05:00]
So,  you  used  to  have  to barricade  all  of  these  windows.  Didn't really  have  to  do  that  so  much  anymore. Although,  you  can  still  get  the  angle out there.

[05:08]
So,  barricading  a  couple  of  these windows,  especially  these  two,  um,  is  a good  idea.  This  one,  that  one,  that  one, and  that  one.  Then  we've  got  a  little rotate  here,  which  I  really,  really like.

[05:18]
It  gives  the  attackers  no  benefit. Make  sure  you  do  it  on  the  left  hand side  of  that  wall.  If  you  do  it  on  the right  hand  side  of  that  wall,  you  can get  an  angle  from  here  to  top  um  spiral banana  stairs  uh  throughout  to  here.

[05:27]
So, do  it  on  this  side  of  the  wall.  And  it just  gives  you  an  option  if  someone  say janitor,  you  don't  have  to  go  all  the way  out  here  and  all  the  way  down  here to  have  a  look.  You  can  just  bob  out  of here.

[05:38]
You  can  also  hold  main  stairs  from here.  You  don't  have  to  go  all  the  way out  to  peak  stock.  You  can  peek  it  from a  nice  angle  here.

[05:44]
And  also,  if  you're coming  back  in,  coming  back  into  sight, if  someone's  at  back  of  CEO  and  they know  that  you're  about  to  come  back  into sight,  they're  going to  be  holding  this door  or  this  door.  So,  to  be  able  to just  nip  back  in  here  and  then  appear here  suddenly  whilst  they're  watching this  door,  it's  really  going  to  be helpful.  Uh,  over  in  meeting.

[06:02]
Oh,  yeah. You  can  also  put  a  headole  here.  I wouldn't  recommend  doing  Oh,  that picture's  in  the  way.

[06:07]
Can  we  move, please?  Picture.  I  wouldn't  recommend doing  this  with  an  SMG11,  but  you  can also  hold  those  same  head  holes  at  the back  of  CEO  if  you  make  your  head  holes in  this  wall  as  well.

[06:17]
Let  me  show  you. So,  if  you  do  the  same here,  you  can  now  also  hold  those  head holes  all  the  way  back  to  square.  This is  best  done  with  a  DMR  or  an  ACOG  at least.

[06:28]
Hopefully,  you  don't  have  this picture  just  Hey,  there  we  go.  So,  you can  hold  all  the  way  back  to  square  by doing  that.  You  can  then  also  use  the sofa  to  do  a  similar  sort  of  thing  and peek  from  here  onto  square.

[06:37]
Just  watch the  windows.  Obviously,  the  windows  are an  absolute  nightmare  if  you're  playing against  a  good  team  and  know  to  use these  windows  an  absolute  nightmare because  it  really  does  render  playing  in this  room  and  this  room  quite  difficult. We've  got  a  little  headle  here  in  the meeting  wall  to  look  over  into  stock.

[06:50]
You  can  see  through  to  stock  there  and also  over  in  stock.  I  haven't  done  it yet  because  not  everyone  does  it,  but  I really  recommend  reinforcing  this  wall. [Music] And  then  what  I  recommend  doing  is  some people  have  said  tell  us  which  operators to  play  in  some  circumstances.

[07:06]
Well, Aami  or  Frost  is  brilliant  here. Especially  Frost.  And  what  you  do  is  you put  your  shield  on  this  angle  on  that angle  there.

[07:14]
And  then  you  would  put  a frost  mat  under  each  window.  And  then what  you  would  do  is  play  here  hiding behind  these  desks.  Get  rid  of  this monitor  by  the  way  so  you  can  see  over it.

[07:24]
I  thought  you  could  reach them.  Get  rid  of  those.  Then  you  would play  behind  these  desks  with  the  frost mats  there  for  anyone  who  jumps  in.

[07:29]
And bear  in  mind  your  shields  on  this  angle here.  So  you  stay  crouched  and  you've got  protection  from  square  as  well.  Then you  can  pop  up  fight  square  peak  this side  of  the  shield  and  come  back  to  pet stock  as  well.

[07:41]
Re  ideally  you  want  a  wai in  there.  Um  in  ter  well  not  a  wire  like but  with  my  magnets  or  or  jer  adses  to stop  anything  getting  thrown  in  at  you and  yeah  really  nice  fun  place  to  play. This  is  a  busy  you  want  someone  who's  a decent  gunner  here  cuz  this  is  a  busy place  to  play.

[07:53]
There's  a  lot  going  on  in terms  of  these  two  windows  and  there  and also  anyone  that  comes  up  top  main  can just  swing  around  that  corner  as  well pretty  easily.  So,  it's  a  busy  place  to play,  but  it's  a  really  fun  place  to play  if  you  like  getting  into  gunfights, but  you've  got  to  have  the  discipline not  to  just  walk  up  to  these  windows  and go,  "Oh,  one  square  door.  I'll  just  walk up  here  and  have  a  look."  You  know,  you can  do  this  by  all  means,  but  there's always  one  little  rat  that's  sitting, always  one  little  rat  that's  just sitting  there  waiting  for  you  to  peek these  windows.

[08:18]
So,  if  you  do  want  to play,  it's  a  fun  place  to  play,  but  you got  to  be disciplined.  Probably  the  most  two important  walls  to  reinforce  are  these two.  This  is  This  is  called  Kanto  Wool.

[08:27]
Kanto  Raketi  used  to  play  here  all  the time  when  G2  played  bank.  The  reason it's  so  important  to  reinforce  those  is attackers  will  re  will  repel  on  this window  and  they'll  throw  an  ace  Selma  or Habana  pallets  on  this  wall  and  as  soon as  this  wall's  open  from  that  one  repel spot  over  there.  You  can  hold  down  all this  corridor  which  is  a  massively important  part  of  the  map  because  anyone coming  up  main  can't  go  there.

[08:52]
You  can't rotate  back  around  this  corridor.  If someone's  in  stock,  you  can't  come  here and  peek  stock  because  you're  going  to be  getting  shot  from  the  window.  So, it's  absolutely  important  that  these  get reinforced.

[09:03]
And  in  my  opinion,  I  think you  should  also  bring  a  bandit  here  as well.  It's  quite  difficult  for  the attackers  to  get  the  bandits  batteries off  the  wall  here  because  you  typically you're  not  going  to  have  another attacker  go  over  here  and  start  EMPing this  wall.  So,  it  can  be  a  bit  tricky for  attackers  to  get  the  bandit batteries  off.

[09:15]
Of  course,  if  you're  on attack  and  you  want  to  know  how  to  do it,  you  could  just  come  down  to  the front  door  here  and  then  just  launch  a grenade  up  into  that  area  and  that  would get  the  batteries  off. Alternatively,  of  course,  you  could  just play  on  this  window  with  a  someone  who's got  EMPs  and  then  they  throw  the  EMPs and  disappear.  Bear  in  mind,  Thatcher wouldn't  be  very  good  here  because  the Thatcher  EMP  doesn't  explode  on  impact.

[09:37]
The  Thatcher  EMP  would  hit  that  wall  and drop  to  the  floor.  So,  it  is  quite tricky  for  attackers  to  start  messing about  getting  the  bandit  batteries  off this  wall,  but  it's  it's  important.  A good  um  place  to  play  in  terms  of  anchor spots.

[09:50]
This  looks  so  good  in  here  in  CJ, man.  Uh  is  in  here  is  in  the  the elevator  here.  You  can  even  put  a  shield just  sort  of  at  Don't  put  a  shield  on the  door  so  you  have  to  vault  over  it  to get  out.

[09:58]
Put  it  a  bit  further  down.  You can  peek  either  side  of  it.  Great  place to  play  and  also  can  hold  down  arguably the  most  important  corridor  in  the  map.

[10:04]
Just  bear  in  mind  if  this  wall  gets open,  it's  down  to  you  to  sort  of  fight the  repel.  Again,  don't  die  too  early. And  that  is  top  floor.

[10:11]
There's  a  couple of  things  that's  worth  knowing  for  uh vertical.  Um,  you  can  obviously  I  play Valk  on  this  site  most  of the  time,  but there's  loads  of  C4  from  below  spots. Like  obviously  all  over  square  is completely  C4able.

[10:25]
Stock  is  completely C4able.  Um,  and  this  is  just  open  area below.  You'll  see  through  the  hatch.

[10:30]
Can't  believe  that  didn't  open.  It's  uh yeah,  just  open  area  below  there.  So  all of  this  is  C4able.

[10:36]
I  like  putting  a camera  up  in  this  corner  here.  Um,  and then  just  listen  for  the  sound  of  if someone's  in  stock.  Some  people  like  do that.

[10:43]
It's  a  bit  year  one  season.  Oh, well,  no,  actually  Valk  wasn't  out  in year  one,  but  it's  a  bit  year  two, season  two,  isn't  it?  You  can  shoot  out the  top  of  the  corner  there  and  put  a Valk  camera  so  it  sees  both  sides.

[10:51]
It's a  little  bit  obvious,  but  it  does  work well  cuz  you  can  see  down  the  corridor and  into  stock  as  well.  The  only  thing is  by  the  time  the  attackers  get  into stock  here  and  start  like  droning  and looking  around.  It's  super  obvious  that it's  up  there.

[11:04]
But,  um,  that  is  top  four on  bank.  Obviously,  we've  done  it  on  CX. You've  got  all  these  new  map  ingredients to  consider.

[11:08]
If  you're  an  attacker  and you  want  to  get  past  Jando,  but someone's  holding  it,  don't  worry.  You can  do  that.  and  dart  past.

[11:13]
There's  fire ext  There's  a  lot  more  fire extinguishers  than  I  realized  at  first. Uh  but  that's  a  pretty  cool  one  as  well. You  could  use  that  to  get  into  meeting on  attack.

[11:22]
Like  you're  here  someone's holding  you  from  stock.  You  can  pop  that and  then  run  around.  I  think  it's  going to  make  some  really  interesting  plays.

[11:28]
There's  another  interesting  one.  And  not there.  Missed  that.

[11:32]
Uh  over  at  the  back of  CEO  here,  which  I  think  is  going  to be  utilized.  You  could  pop  you  can  like nade  that  and  then  repel  in  or  if  you're on  attack  or  even  if  you're  stuck  on defense.  Actually,  sometimes  you  like end  up  in  this  area  here  on  defense.

[11:42]
You could  pop  that.  You're  going  to  get stunned  by  it,  but  then  you  could  run past  and  get  away  from  those  two  windows as  well.  Interesting.

[11:49]
I  think  it's  going to  make  for  some  some  interesting  plays with  these  map  ingredients.  That's  top floor  on  bank.  Moving  on  to  Bank  then, and  let's  get  started  over  on  the  server side  of  the  map  and  work  our  way  across.

[12:00]
So,  within  server  here,  it's  an important  part  of  the  map  to  hold  on  to, but  not  for  too  long.  We'll  talk  about the  hatch  first.  I've  left  the  hatch soft.

[12:09]
And  the  reason  I've  done  that  is uh  twofold.  One,  if  you're  going  to  have a  player  who's  dedicated  to  playing  and server  and  defending  server,  how  good  do the  live  shadows  look,  by  the  way,  just before  I  move  on.  It  looks  so  cool.

[12:18]
If you're  going  to  have  a  player  who's dedicated  to  defending  server  and stopping  anyone  coming  down  here  or stopping  anyone  coming  down  blue,  then you  want  to  reinforce  this  hatch.  If  you are  going  to  hold  server  just  for  a  few minutes,  stop  a  few  drones  coming through  dirt,  maybe  just  offer  a  bit  of light  resistance,  cause  them  a  few problems,  delay  them  slightly,  and  then move  back  into  sight.  Don't  reinforce the  hatch.

[12:43]
Reason  being  any  Roma  then above  can  open  the  hatch.  I  would  even argue  open  it  to  begin  with,  but  what you  don't  want  is  I've  had  it  myself  in the  past  is  where  an  Ash  player  charges through  electrical  here,  gets  to  middle square,  and  this  hatch  is  already  open. So,  what  I  would  say,  I've  only  opened that  just  so  I  can  drop  down  a  bit faster.

[13:01]
If  you're  playing  in  server  and dedicated  to  playing  in  server, reinforce  this  hatch.  If  not,  open  this hatch  because  undoubtedly  the  attackers will  get  control  of  this  area.  And  then having  this  hatch  open  does  mean  that you  can  try  and  stop  them  from  playing in  here  from  these  stairs  above  or  even just  on  square  itself,  but  uh  bottom square  itself,  sorry.

[13:18]
But  yeah,  it's  an interesting  hatch  that  it  it's  can  be  a tough  one.  I  like  playing  smoke. Reinforce  this  hatch.

[13:24]
Put  a  prox  mine  in dirt,  but  make  sure  you  actually  throw it  in  dirt,  like  in  there,  so  you  get the  alert  when  the  attacker  gets  here. And  then  put  the  other  prox  mine  at  the top  of  these  stairs  behind  the  sofa  just here.  They  never  find  that  there  either.

[13:36]
So  when  you'll  know  once  the  attacker gets  here  and  then  you  just  play  on these  stairs.  So  you  can  play  both  sides and  stop  them  coming  through dirt.  Stop  them  coming  through  blue.

[13:46]
Use your  smokes  to  stop  it.  If  this  is  the case,  you've  absolutely  got  to  reinforce that  hatch.  And  if  you  hear  this  hatch opening,  you've  got  two  choices.

[13:54]
You  can either  just  be  aggressive  and  sort  of, you  know,  you're  probably  about  to  die. You  can  stay  here  for  as  long  as  you  can and  delay  them,  try  and  get  a  pick  or two.  I  mean,  if  you  get  two  picks  out  of that  situation,  it'd  be  unreal.

[14:03]
Or  you can  try  and  retreat  back  into  sight. Playing  the  smoke,  it  is  nice  to  stay alive.  Don't  just  waste  your  life.

[14:09]
That's  server.  And  we've  only  talked about  one  room,  but  it's  an  intricate area  of  the  defense.  Then  we  come  into uh  CCTV  or  security.

[14:18]
always  reinforce this  wall.  This  wall  is  up  to  you.  You can  make  feet  holes  along  here  if  you want  to.

[14:23]
And  the  reason  you  would  do that  is  then  anyone  who's  at  the  back  of server  here,  you  can  see  their  feet  from the  rotate.  So,  if  I  go  back  over  to  the rotate here  and  look  over  here,  we  can  now  see feet  at  the  back  of  there  and  they  will not  see  us.  Obviously,  it's  a  bit dangerous  to  play  here  cuz  they  could just  be  firing  through  this  wall  and  you might  get  caught  off  guard.

[14:42]
Bear  in  mind if  you  had  a  mirror  here,  which  is  what most  people  play,  you'd  be  able  to  see the  feet  over  there.  So  either  feet holes  there  or  you  could  reinforce  this. I  like  the  fe  holes  cuz  I  like  seeing what's  there.

[14:52]
But  bear  in  mind  if  you  do make  feer  holes,  if  they've  got a  book, obviously  it's  a  lot  easier  for  them  to open  that.  Then  we  come  to  what's  called red  hole.  It's  called  red  hole  cuz  it's kind  of  red.

[15:01]
And  that  really  annoying fireball  that  you  can  hear.  There's absolutely  no  way  of  stopping  that.  Um, I  work  in  this  industry,  like  the  fire protection,  electronic  security industry,  and  this  sprinkler  that's  just constantly  going  is  really  triggering.

[15:13]
Also,  the  fireball  that  you  can't  stop is  annoying  as  well.  Like,  there's  no brake  glasses  anywhere  to  try  and  stop it  that  I've  seen.  Um,  not  in  this corridor  either.

[15:23]
So,  yeah,  annoying.  But oh,  that's  the  fire  panel  there.  Oh, it's  an  electrical  switch.

[15:25]
Well,  the fire  panel's  probably  Anyway,  we're  not here  to  talk  about  that.  So,  um,  this  is red.  Now,  why  this  is  a  tricky  place  to play  is  because  of  this  hatch.

[15:35]
Attackers can  just  drop  this  hatch  and  instantly be  looking  down  red.  So,  it's  a  tricky place  to  play,  but  it  is  one  of  the  most important  anchor  spots.  Uh,  we  let  me just  in  fact  before  I  talk  about  that, let  me  talk  about  the  hatches.

[15:45]
Right. So,  hatch  in  security  reinforced,  hatch in  red  hall reinforced,  hatch  in  elevator reinforced,  and  hatch  in  vault reinforced.  Okay.

[15:58]
Right.  Back  to  red corridor. So  yeah,  important  place  to  play  here.

[16:02]
Gold  is  a  kind  of  place  that  it  doesn't really  hold  much.  You  can  hold  towards where  the  the  hatch  drop  is  here,  but playing  around  here  is  what  you'll  see sort  of  echoes  and  maestros  do  when  they want  to  be  safe  from  being  on  the cameras.  Um,  but  yeah,  red  hall  is  one of  the  most  important  places  to  play  in terms  of  stopping  the  plant  going  off  on the  default  spot  here.

[16:18]
This  is  where obviously  your  smokes  and  C4s  are  going to  come  into  into  use  and  also um  playing  the  mirror  there  as  well. Then  we've  got  this  wall  here,  which some  people  reinforce.  I  don't  like doing.

[16:30]
I  like  making  head  holes.  Reason I  do  that  is  then  if  you're  coming around  to  this  area,  you  can  hold towards  the  door  or  that  default  plant that's  actually  going  to  be  there.  Um, if  you  reinforce  both  of  those  walls, the  only  way  you  can  stop  it  is  from this  rotate  or  from  this  door.

[16:42]
No  one really  plays  in  this  area  here  anyway. You  can  play  using  this  wall  for  cover if  you  want  to  and  peek  both  sides.  I really  recommend  you  do  this  cuz  it's  a good  way  of  stopping  that  default  plan there.

[16:53]
Then  we've  got  this  wall,  which is  an  interesting  wall  because  two people  like  playing  in  two  different ways.  You  can  either  reinforce  it  or  you can  make  head  holes  for  garage.  I wouldn't  recommend  making  head  holes  all the  way  across  because  then  you  can still  sort  of  play  in  this  area  here.

[17:04]
You  make  them  all  the  way  across.  You're going  to  be  get  see  if  anyone's  there, you  can't  stand  here.  Granted,  it's soft,  so  they  could  just  wall  bang  you, but  they've  got  to  know  you're  there  to do  that.

[17:13]
Um,  so  yeah,  you  either reinforce  it  or  or  make  the  heads  to defend  garage.  garage  often  gets overlooked  and  it's  an  important  area  of the  map  because  it's  an  area  where attackers  can  just  crouch  walk  and  be very  very  close  to  you  quite  quickly without  you  knowing.  You've  got  to  put like  a  bulletproof  cam  or  a  maestro  cam here  to  watch  garage.

[17:31]
I  highly  recommend having  a  garage  player  with  a  DMR.  So  an Aroon,  a  tuber,  anyone  with  a  DMR  or  an I  would  say  an  ACOG  as  well,  but  a  DMR is  even  better  at  this  range.  Be  able  to stop  the  the  push  through  garage.

[17:42]
Then also  using  these  head  holes,  you  can  use this  head  hole  and  this  head  hole.  And now  look  at  that  default  plant  spot where  people  took  in.  You  can  stop  that from  there.

[17:51]
And  you  can  also  then  swing wider  with  the  DMR  if  you  want  to  and see  the  side  door  as  well.  Really, really  good  place  to  play  with  the  DMR if  you're  a  decent  shot  with  a  DMR. Unfortunately,  I  am  not.

[18:02]
Then  we  move back  into  lockers.  Now,  we've  made  a  big rotate  here,  but  also  some  head  well, it's  higher  than  head  holes  there. Reason  for  this  is  you  can  then  throw smokes  from  way  back  here  over  towards the  server  door.

[18:12]
You've  got  to  get  the angle  right.  Probably  do  with  being  a little  bit  higher  to  be  honest.  You  got to  get  the  angle  really  right  to  make sure  the  smoke  goes  where  you  want  it to,  but  you  can  just  about  get  it  to  the default  plan  spot  if  you  get  the  angle right  from  here.

[18:23]
You  can  also  sort  of close  run  close  to  here  and  throw  a  C4 over.  Although  your  C4  is  probably  going to  land  about  here  if  you  do  that.  In the  back  of  lockers,  we've  got a reinforcement  for  main  stairs  and  you can  peek  onto  main  stairs  from  here.

[18:35]
Then  you've  also  got  a  rotator  on  this left  side.  The  reason  we  do  it  on  the left  side  and  not  the  right  is  because otherwise  you  can  get  stopped  going through  that  rotator  all  the  way  back. If  they  open  server  at  the  back  of  that wall,  you  make  the  rotator  here.

[18:46]
You can't  go  through  here  because  you're going  to  get  seen  from  here.  I  just  put it  on  this  side  of  the  wall.  You  got  the bomb  chassis  as  cover  so  you  can  get  out and  move  around.

[18:55]
If  anyone  drops  voltach can  always  be  problematic,  but  they  are just  penned  in  here  from  Voltatch.  If you've  got  a  player  who's  playing  in this  neck  of  the  woods  here,  can  just hold  them  from  bolt  hatch.  Although  it is  an  annoying  place  to  drop,  but  smoke is  good  here  as  well  because  you  can force  them  out  of  there  by  chucking  a smoke  there.

[19:09]
I  mean,  smoke  is  just  never a  bad  choice,  especially  on  bank basement.  Elevator  hatch  obviously  they can  drop  as  well.  You  can  smoke  them  out of  there,  but  it's  quite  a  big  room.

[19:16]
If you  if  your  smoke  lands  here,  you're going  to  be  safe  way  over  here.  So, don't  just  throw  all  your  smokes  in  that area  hoping  to  get  them  out  of the  way. It  is  a  large  area  to  play  in.

[19:25]
But,  I mean,  someone  here  is  also  going  to  be pretty  useful.  But  using  the  cams,  this cam's  good  as  well.  Be  able  to  know which  hatches  are  open.

[19:34]
Generally speaking,  um,  99  times  out  of  10,  well, 99  times  out  of  10  has  become  like  a  I don't  say  it  as  often  as  I  used  to.  And people  who  first  watch  the  videos  now  go 99  times  out  of  10.  Do  you  mean  nine times  out  of  10?

[19:46]
Um,  I  said  I  first  made that  mistake  about  four  years  ago.  No, wait,  three  years  ago.  And  it  just  sort of  stuck.

[19:52]
I  said  I  meant  to  say  99  times out  of  100  and  I  said  99  times  out  of  10 and  it  just  sort  of  stuck  ever  since. Um,  other  things  to  consider  is  uh aroma.  You  definitely  need  to  have someone  in  my  humble  opinion  upstairs causing  some  delays,  causing  some problems  for  attackers.

[20:07]
You  can  always come  back  down  main  stairs.  Generally speaking,  if  you're  on  top  floor,  it's it's  just  a  bit  of  a  night.  Oh  yeah,  by the  way,  you  can  also  shoot  out  these parts  of  the  steps  and  then  you  can  drop down  the  steps.

[20:18]
Oh,  excuse  me.  Well,  you can  if  you  get  rid  of  these.  It  used  to be  a  lot  easier  than  this.

[20:21]
If  you  want to  be  able  to  run  down  the  stairs faster,  if  I  just  let  me  let  me  move these,  you  can  get  down  the  stairs  a  lot easier  and  a  lot  faster  by  just crouching  down  there  and  crouching  down there  and  then  coming  down  the  stairs  as opposed  to  running  all  the  way  around. It's  a  lot  easier  to  get  down  quickly like  that,  especially  in  CX.  Now,  your momentum  carries  you  down  as  well.

[20:42]
Right then,  that  is  bank  basement.  I  don't think  I've  missed  anything.  There  is  a hold  that  I  show  where  you  can  keep these  hatches  open  and  play  upstairs  and open  area.

[20:52]
That's  on  if  you  search  a little  castle  and  there's  a  castle  setup video  that  I  did  that  shows  that  setup. Um  K  trickiness  this  is  helpful.  Play behind  the  bomb,  throw  your  Kclaw  here and  you  can  stand  up  and  pick  it  back  up again.

[21:04]
Just  be  careful.  You've  got  to  be on  this  angle  here.  You  can't  be  picking it  up  from  here  cuz  you're  going to  get a  dome  from  server.

[21:09]
So  make  sure  you're right  behind  the  bomb.  Crouch,  throw your  cave  claw.  If  you  need  your  cclaw, stand  up,  pick  it  up,  but  make  sure you're  staying  hidden  from  the  the  door there.

[21:18]
But  keeping  this  hatch  closed  is generally  a  really  good  sign  of  a defensive  hold  if  you  can  keep  it closed.  If  not,  you  can  stop  the  plant and  you  can  um  still  still  like  do useful  things  to  stop  the  plant  going in.  If  anyone  doesn't  know,  the  plant happens  here.

[21:31]
Generally  speaking,  this wall  will  get  opened  up  and  the  def  the attackers  can  sort  of  like  crouch  in backwards  and  plant  so  that  their  back is  covered  by  this  wall  here,  which means  that  even  if  you're  here,  you're not  going  to  be  able  to  stop  that  plant. That's  why  we  open  up  these  kind  of angles  cuz  from  here  you  can  see  that plant  there  and  you  can  see  that  plant there  and  you  can  see  the  plant  there especially  this one.  Bank  basement.

[21:56]
One  of  my  favorite sites  to  defend  actually  onto  staff  room and  open  area  then.  And  this  is  an interesting  one  because  it's  one  of the few  sites  on  bank  where  you  need  quite  a few  reinforce  reinforcements.  Actually this  is  much  better  than  the  site  we'll talk  about  next  over  in  um  Talis  because there's  very  little  vert  here.

[22:11]
You  can see  there's  a  section  of  vert  above  this which  is  the  stock  room  above.  If  I  just make  a  quick  hole  here,  you'll  see  the stock  windows.  See  that's  stock  windows there.

[22:20]
That's  the  stock  room  above. That's  entirely  the  footprint  of  stock room.  And  that's  the  only  bit  where there's  vert  over  in  here  in  kitchen.

[22:25]
There's  no  vert  whatsoever  cuz  this  is outside  the  map.  This  is  like  outside top  square  door.  Um  like  the  little balcony  out  there.

[22:32]
Top  square  door actually  starts  just  here  and  this  is all  top  square  outside.  Um  so  yeah,  no vert  here. Um,  so  let's  get  started  with reinforcements.

[22:44]
Let's  go  and  start  over by  electrical.  So  not  everyone  does  this and  you  I  don't  always  recommend  that you  do  have  to  do  this.  It's  not imperative.

[22:51]
I  like  making  this reinforcement  here  because  make  feet holes  along  this  wall,  but  what  will happen  is  the  attackers  can  sometimes get  into  like  an  angle  like  this  and look  through  the  feet  holes.  And  if that's  not  reinforced,  they  can  see  from there  like  all  the  way  through.  So  like look  at  the  angle  you  need  to  be  on  the side  of  that  door.

[23:05]
You  only  need  to  see this  little  bit  here.  you're  going  to  be able  to  go  prone  here  and  see  a  lot  of the  side.  Now,  it's  something  you  should never  really  let  happen.

[23:11]
An  attacker should  never  really  get  to  be  prone there,  but  if  they  do,  they  see  a  lot  of the  side.  So,  I  like  making  reinforcing this,  making  feet  holes  there.  So,  you can  see  when  they  come  into  electrical, once  they  get  to  this  point,  that's  when they're  going  to  be  seen.

[23:25]
Uh  over  here on  the  open  area  window,  we've  got  feet holes  to  watch  the  jump  in.  And  you definitely  want  to  be  putting  like  proxy mines  or  fenray  traps  on  there.  And  you got  your  feet  holes  there  to  watch  from this  angle  if  anyone  jumps  in.

[23:37]
Um, pretty  standard  sort  of  setup  there. Now,  you've  got  this  wall,  which  is interesting  because  that  one  I  think should  be  reinforced,  but  we  haven't done  the  hatches  yet,  and  that's  another conversation  we'll  come  to  in  a  second. Um,  but  should  you  reinforce  this  one?

[23:49]
Possibly.  Yes.  I  would  maybe  reinforce this  over  this  one  sometimes.

[23:53]
Uh,  reason being  is  attackers  can  just  fire  through this  wall  at  this  angle.  And  I  I  mean, I'll  make  the  hole,  but  no,  I'm  not going  to  make  the  hole  cuz  then  it'll ruin  the  setup.  What  will  happen  is  you can  see  from  the  window  they  get  to  open sort  of  through  this  and  they  can  fire into  this  area.

[24:08]
If  this  is  reinforced, it's  not  possible.  I  do  like  reinforcing this  sometimes.  In  fact,  you  know what?

[24:11]
I'm  going  to  reinforce it.  So,  I'm  going  to  recommend  we  leave at  least  one  of  the  hatches  soft.  So,  I that's  what  I  would  do  personally.

[24:18]
And then  it  doesn't  give  them  the opportunity  then  to  fire  through  that wall  and  get  a  lucky  wall  bang  from someone  who's  playing  here  getting smoked  by  the  window.  Over  here  in  small office,  we've  got  a  rotate  to  go  between sights.  We've  got  a  little  head  hole here  so  you  can  watch  those  feet  holes on  a  bit  of  a  tighter  angle.

[24:35]
Rather  than standing  out  here  and  watching  the  feet holes,  you  can  just  watch  them  from  this angle  here,  which  is  a  nice  little  angle to  watch  them  from.  Now,  I've  reinforced either  side  of  the  rotate  here  going into  Talis.  Reason  being  is  I  don't  like putting  the  rotate  this  side  because  it gives  the  attackers  a  really  long  angle into  the  office.

[24:50]
I  imagine  there  was  a hole  there.  You  can  see  pretty  much  all the  small  office.  Um,  and  it  also  means that  you  can  hold  this  way  through  this rotate  towards  the  Tala's  door.

[25:01]
You  can see  there,  that's  the  Tal's  door.  You can  hold  the  Tal's  door  from here.  Not  quite  from  here,  but  you  get  a nice  angle  on  there  if  you  wanted  to.

[25:09]
Um,  so  I  prefer  doing  the  middle  here. I've  seen  people  put  the  rotate  there. I've  seen  people  put  the  rotate  there.

[25:14]
I don't  think  there's  necessarily  a  right and  wrong.  Um,  also  if  you  put  the rotate  this  side,  it  gives  them  a  bit  of an  angle  from  there. Um,  so  I've  would  either  put  it  in  the middle  or  on  this  side.

[25:25]
I  think  the middle  just  suits  me  better  personally. You've  got  to  have  somebody  playing  in tellers  and  playing  in  office  here.  You just  have  to  I  would  also  make  a rotate  just  here.

[25:39]
Oh,  just  here  as  well to  be  able  to  get  between  otherwise you've  got  to  go  all  the  way  around  to kitchen  door  or  the  rotate  in  the  middle to  get  between  the  two  sides.  You've  got to  have  somebody  playing  this  area  here who  can  then  get  easily  into  open  area quite  a  lot  faster.  But  yeah,  definitely put  that  there.

[25:54]
I  would  even  possibly  uh reinforce  the  um  one  of  the  walls  this side  maybe  um  just  you  wanted  a  bit  more protection  from  main  stairs  so  people can't  shoot  through.  Then  I  just  want  to talk  about  upstairs  very briefly.  I've  left  both  hatches  soft.

[26:07]
If you're  going  to  reinforce  one,  I'd probably  reinforce  the  stock  hatch  cuz this  is  going  to  be  quite  hard  to  hold. Or  what  I  would  do  is  it  depends  how  far away  from  sight  you  want  to  be  playing. A  good  option  here  is  to  do  exactly  what we  talked  about  with  the  top  floor  hold where  you  play  a  zombie  or  frost  with the  shield  here  and  you  just  hold  stock and  you'll  hold  stock  for  as  long  as  you can.

[26:26]
Keep  the  hatch  soft  or  keep  the hatch  open  and  then  as  and  when  you  feel the  pressure  is  getting  a  bit  too  much. You  want  to  waste  a  minute,  minute  and  a half,  however  long  you  want  to  waste  and then  you  can  fall  down  the  hatch  and retreat  back  to  sight.  I  would  also  do exactly  the  same  thing  and  this  is  what I  do  when  I  play  this  site.

[26:40]
I  tend  to play Legion.  I  tend  to  play  Legion  and  play around  this  area  here.  And  then  what I'll  do  is  I'll  keep  this  hatch  open  in janitor.

[26:53]
And  I'll  make  a  little  rotate over  here, too.  I  don't  want  to  make  this  too  big. Can  I  sneak  through  that?

[26:59]
Yeah,  I  can. So,  I'd  make  that  here.  You  got  to  watch the  skylight  when  you're  coming  through there.

[27:03]
You  can't  be  using  this  rotating like  the  first  minute  and  a  half  of  the round  cuz  there  will  be  some  numsy  just sitting  on  the  skylight  waiting  for  you to  come  through.  But  the  whole  point  is you're  just  playing  around  CEO  shooting the  speaker.  Shoot  the  speaker.

[27:16]
Get  rid of  that.  And  yeah,  just  playing  around this  area  using  the  hatch  to  your advantage  if  you  need  to  if  anyone's going  to  be  coming  through  this  rotator etc.  You  are  going  to  get  pushed  here quite  heavily  from  square.

[27:25]
Um  so  do  be careful.  That's  why  Legion's  good  cuz you  can  put  like  Legion  goo  mines  here. So  if  anyone's  coming  towards  us,  rotate without  you  knowing.

[27:32]
You  get  an  early warning  because  of  the  goo  mine.  But anyone  with  like  proxies  be  pretty  good as  well.  Who's  got  a  is  it  does  alibi have  proxies  still?

[27:40]
So  like  an  alibi  up here  with  being  able  to  make  rotates with  the  baiff  and  throw  proxies  around would  be  cool  as  well.  If  you  are playing  stock  up  here,  you're  going  to have  to  reinforce  that  wall  as  well. Otherwise,  you're  going to  get  dome  from from  square  here  through  that  wall.

[27:50]
There's  a  lot  of  reinforcements  that  are needed  on  this  side.  So  we  talked  about this  rotating  plane  in  Talis.  Now,  we're going  to  talk  about  back  open  area, which  again  is  a  pretty  important  place to  play.

[28:00]
Do  not  peek  this  window  and give  your  life  away.  Please.  Everyone peaks  this  window  trying  to  get  a  kill.

[28:04]
The  attackers  are  like  three  cars  back stood  on  something  with  a  glass  and you're  not  going  to  win  it  with  your SMG11.  So,  don't  give  a  free  kill  to that  window.  Um,  this  area  is  fairly important,  too.

[28:15]
You've  got  to  be  super careful  of  loan.  What  people  will  do  is I'm  not  going  to  run  all  You  know what? I  will  run  all  the  way  around.

[28:20]
We're  not in  a  rush,  are  we?  What  people  will  do, and  I  do  this  sometimes  as  well,  is  just run  into  loan,  go  over  to  the  left  hand side  of  the  wall,  make  a  prone  punch hole.  You  get  like  quite  a  nice  angle through  open  area  there.

[28:30]
You  can  even see  as  far  as  kitchen  door  there.  So, just  holding  this  door,  waiting  for somebody  to  come  down  main  stairs  and rotate  back  through  open area,  so  just  be  careful  that  I've  seen people  reinforce  those  walls  before.  But I  think  if  I  had  15  reinforcements, maybe  I'd  do  them.

[28:46]
But  I  don't  have  15 reinforcements,  so  it's  it's  a  tough one.  There's  a  lot  of  things  to  be needing  to  reinforce.  Um,  in  my  opinion, I've  also  seen  people  reinforce  this wall  and  make  a  rotate  here  or  even  head holes here.

[29:02]
Make  a  rotate  here  and  this reinforcement.  And  you  can  hold  kitchen door  from  here  then  as  well.  Peek  both sides  and  then  all  the  the  feet  holes here.

[29:09]
Just  be  careful  cuz  you  can  get wall  bang  from  there,  which  is  why  we reinforced  this  wall.  This  site  is probably  the  strongest  site  on  the  map. Maybe  downstairs  is  stronger,  but  this is  up  there.

[29:20]
However,  this  is  one  of those  sites  a  bit  like  bar  on  bar  gaming on  Shelly  where  you've  really  got  to know  what  you're  doing  to  be  able  to play  well.  Like  it's  you  can  easily  come across  a  playing  this  map  from  an attacking  team  and  know  what  they're doing.  Also,  I  would  look  at  opening  the hatches  for  below  as  well.

[29:34]
Um  mainly  so you  can  drop  and  come  straight  back  up main  if  you  need  to.  So  if  you're  under pressure,  you  can  drop  there  and  you  can rotate  straight  back  up  main  and  you  can be  then  fighting  onto  open  area  door. You  know,  if  there's  someone  putting pressure  on  you  from  here  and  you're  on this,  you'd  be  behind  this  wall.

[29:47]
You'll be  able  to  drop  and  rotate  straight  back up  main.  Vice  versa,  the  same  here.  If there's  pressure  coming  through  kitchen through  the  the  quad  wall  here,  you  can drop here  and  you  can  flank  up  blue  as well.

[30:02]
There's  so  many  beepers  on  this map,  isn't  there?  But  just  be  wary  of  of obviously  the  drop  noise.  When  you  drop, you  always  want  to  be  firing  your  gun  as you  drop.

[30:09]
So,  this  is  the  drop noise.  That  noise.  You  want  to  be  firing your  gun  as  you  Can  I  get  back  on  here?

[30:14]
You  want  to  fire  your  gun  as  you  drop and  they  don't  know  if  that's  a  drop  or a  gunshot  or  whatever.  So,  make  sure you're  using  that  because  otherwise  if someone's  on  this  kitchen  door,  you  hear the  drop  here,  it's  going  to  be  pretty obvious  that  you're  on  the  flank. They'll  just  be  holding  the  staircase.

[30:26]
I really  like  this  site.  It  It's  tricky  to defend,  but  you've  really  got  to  know what  you're  doing.  But  once  you've  got the  setup  nailed  down,  it's  really  good.

[30:32]
This  is  a  nice  place  to  play  as  well.  If you're  wondering  if  you  So,  you  used  to be  able  to  break  them. Can  you  punch  the  legs  out?

[30:42]
Okay,  I think  Am  I  wrong?  Hang  on,  let  me  just No  bullet  hole  there.  They  are  wool bangable.

[30:49]
I'm  sure  you  used  to  be  able to  punch  these  chairs.  Anyway,  this  is  a nice  place  to  play.  You  can  hold  the kitchen  door  from  behind  the  bomb.

[30:53]
Then you  can  turn  around  and  hold  the  walk  in for  people's  feet  there.  You  can  also hold  open  area,  but  just  be  careful here.  Um  because  this  is  that  long  angle we  just  looked  at  from  that  punch  hole, which  is  there.

[31:02]
You  see  the  punch  hole down  there?  Just  got  to  be  careful around  this  area.  This  is  a  nice  place to  play.

[31:08]
A  lot  of  um  people  play  mute and  just  play  shotgun  here.  So  if  this wall  gets  opened,  they'll  play  shotgun or  anyone  coming  through  this  door  play shotgun.  Yeah,  really  nice.

[31:16]
I  quite  like the  site.  Um  it  there's  a  lot  of contention  on  where  to  use  those reinforcements  cuz  I've  just  mentioned about  14  reinforcement  spots. Unfortunately,  we  only  get  10,  so  choose them  wisely.

[31:27]
Finally,  we  come  on  to tellers  and  archives.  And  we're  going  to start  the  setup  for  this  upstairs.  So  I can  summarize  upstairs  without  spending too  long  on  it  in  the  sense  that  you want  to  defend  it  almost  exactly  like you  would  when  you're  defending  top floor  on  bank.

[31:41]
So  the  setup  is  almost exactly  the  same.  The  head  holes  along here,  the  reinforcement  here,  the reinforcement  of  these  two  walls,  the janitor  rotate  the  reinforcement  of  this wall,  the  reinforcement  of  this  wall with  the  head  hole  here,  and  then  the head  hole  here  to  be  able  to  look  into square  from  Oh,  the  picture  has  surfaced again.  I  don't  believe it.

[32:04]
Uh  that'll  do.  Can  see  into  square from  there.  Um  so  almost  exactly  well  in fact  it  is  exactly  the  same.

[32:09]
I  would also  make  the  same  head  holes  here  to look  into  stock.  And  I  would  also  make the  same  rotate  here  into  Jan  and  the same  rotate  that  we've  already  spotted here.  So  it's  essentially  this  exactly the  same  setup.

[32:20]
You  could  even  do  the rotate  here  near  Kanto  if  you  wanted  to. We  did  before.  Same  setup  again  for stock.

[32:25]
We  got  this  reinforced.  We  got the  feet  holes.  You  want  to  play  your shield  across  here.

[32:29]
want  to  play  Frost or  a  zombie  depending  on  who  you  want  to play.  Um,  and  yeah,  that's  it.  You  want to  stop  people  getting  into CEO  into  meeting  and  into  I  don't actually  know  what  this  room's  called.

[32:41]
What's  this  room  called?  I  don't  know what  I  call  this.  You  know,  you  just  say Bomb,  don't  you?

[32:46]
That's  a  bomb  there  and then  Bomb's  in  here.  I  don't  actually know  what  the  name  for  this  room  is. Thinking  about  it.

[32:52]
This  is  Trump.  That's CEO.  I  don't  I  don't  know  what  you  call us.

[32:56]
Double  windows.  Don't  know.  Anyway, um  so  the  idea  is  you  hold  on  for  the  to this  area  for  as  long  as  you  can.

[32:59]
You can  make  an  argument  to  say  you  want  to reinforce  this  off  um  when  you're defending  this  side  because  it  gives  you a  bit  more  of  a  sort  of  contained  area so  not  have  to  worry  about  square  as well.  So  if  you  wanted  to  reinforce  that off,  I  wouldn't  hate  you  for  it.  I  don't think  you're  a  million  miles  away.

[33:13]
But what  you  do  want  to  have  open  is  this hatch.  And  the  reason  you  want  this hatch  open  is  so  if  you  get  too pressured  above,  you  can  come  below  and come  back  into  sight  through  the rotator,  which  is  the  same  rotate  as what  we  made  when  we  were  defending  here and  open  area.  Now,  you  can't  just  drop this  hatch  willy-nilly  because  more  like more  often  than  not,  you're  going  to have  someone  who's  going  to  try  and  get into  open  area  on  attack,  probably through  this  window.

[33:33]
Depending  on  the road,  uh  the  reinforcements  that  you use,  I'd  perhaps  look  at  reinforcing this  wall  as  well  because  this  helps  you hold  on  to  open  area  a  lot  easier. Um,  that  is  the  top  four  that  you  want to  you  want  to  look  after  there. Downstairs,  you've  got  to  have  somebody in  open  area.

[33:48]
You've  got  to  have somebody  holding  this  and  somebody holding  this.  This  is  probably  going  to need  to  be  a  trap  operator.  An  all,  a fener,  a  Legion,  someone  like  that.

[33:55]
Cap can  maybe,  although  they're  a  bit obvious  these  days.  Well,  they  always have  been  obvious,  but  people  still  walk in  them,  including  me.  Um,  but  yeah,  you want  a  trap  operator  here  cuz  they  have three  directions  to  loop  potentially into  sight  if  you  start  losing  man advantage  and  back  towards  main  lobby.

[34:08]
But  they're  always  back  into  sight.  to this  rotate  here  obviously  rather  than going  all  the  way  around  in  sight  is  not a  fun  place  to  play  in  this  on  this  side depending  what  happens  upstairs  if  you lose  upstairs  the  reason  this  side's  not very  good  is  because  upstairs  this  is back  CEO  this  is  the  room  that  I couldn't  remember  the  name  of embarrassingly  just  then  um  it's  not  a fun  place  to  be  cuz  all  of  this  is  soft you  can  make  vert  everywhere  there's nowhere  to  hide  in  sight  at  all  um  it's not  a  fun  place  to  be  rotates  on  either end  of  this  wall  just  be  careful  when you're  using  this  rotate  because  this rotates  cuz  this  door  looks  into  main lobby.  Um  you  can  obviously  hide  behind this  cabinet  but  just  be  careful  the  the west  repels.

[34:50]
Obviously  be  careful  lobby. Reinforce  these  two  walls.  Want  to  make a  rotate  on  the  right  side  here  and maybe  reinforce  this  one  as  well  if  you have  a  spare  rotate  because  you  don't want  to  have  somebody  just  standing  on the  bottom  of  main  stairs  here  just shooting  through.

[35:01]
So  if  you've  got  a spare  rotate  uh  spare  rotate,  spare reinforcement,  do  that  as  well.  Uh, you've  got  to  hold  front  desk  a  little bit  because  you  can't  just  have  people wandering  into  front  lobby.  But  then  you also  I  mean  if  I  if  I  had  to  name  a split,  I  would  have  two  upstairs,  one  on the  front  desk,  one  in  Talis,  and  one  in open  area.

[35:18]
Um,  the  guy  in  Talis  is  just holding  anyone  pushing  up  from  blue  or holding  anyone  pushing  into  electrical. By  the  way,  if  you  want  a  nice  angle  for electrical,  I  do  this  when  I'm  defending top  floor  because  people  rush  through electrical  sometimes.  Shoot  the  top  of that  plant  out.

[35:33]
Go  behind  this  shelf  and shoot  out  this  paper.  then  you  can  hold electrical  on  a  nice  long  angle.  Um,  I do  that  a  lot  when  I'm  defending  top floor,  as  I  say,  cuz  people  just  rush electrical  for  some  reason.

[35:42]
Um,  so  yeah, that's  what  I  would  do  here.  Um,  it's not  a  very  good  site,  guys,  if  I'm honest  with  you.  There's  no  reason,  in my  opinion,  to  play  this  over  open  area.

[35:51]
Open  area  is  a  little  bit  trickier  to play  if  So,  this  is  like  This  is  easier to  play,  but  it's  not  a  very  good  site. Like,  it's  easier  to  know  what  to  do, but  it's  not  a  very  good  side.  This  is harder  to  know  what  to  do,  but  once  you know  what  to  do,  it's  a  way  better  site than  over  there  because  the  amount  of vert  that  you  don't  give  the  attackers um  because  of  the  map  layout.

[36:08]
Um  so yeah,  that's uh  tellers  and  uh  archives  in  my opinion.  Don't  play  play  the  other  one first,  but  that's  the  way  I  set  it  up  if I  do.  There  we  have  it.

[36:20]
There's  the  bank setups  for  2025.  First  setup  video  on CX.  And  I  just  want  to  say,  do  you  know I  think  Bank's  overhated.

[36:27]
I  think  bank is  a  really  solid  map,  but  for  some reason  it  gets  banned  quite  a  lot  and people  don't  like  playing  bank.  I  quite like  it.  Looking  forward  to  seeing  how those  um  those  fire  extinguishers  are going  to  play  into  banks.

[36:36]
I  feel  like there's  quite  a  few  on  this  map.  But cheers  for  watching  as  always.  Don't forget  what  I  want  to  try  and  say  at  the end  of  the  video.

[36:42]
And  I  forget  to  say  to somehow,  I  don't  know  how,  by  the  grace of  God,  I've  got  a  um  a  charm  in  the game.  And  all  you  got  to  do  is  sub  on Twitch  once  and  you  get  my  charm.  You can  use  it  on  your  gun  forever.

[36:52]
You  only have  to  sub  once  on  Twitch.  Also,  the benefit  of  that,  you  get  an  extra  0.2 200  KD  and  you  run  into  less  cheaters  by using  my  charm.  That  is  a  non-confirmed fact.

[37:03]
Thanks  as  always  for  watching  the video.  Do  us  a  favor,  like,  comment, subscribe,  and  all  the  stuff  that  helps me  out  on  YouTube.  And  I'll  see  you  on the  next  one.

[37:09]
All  the  very  best.