Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbuIlZSNz1U
Map: Bank
Side: Attack

[00:00]
And boom. Hey up troops. A little here again with another video. It's time to talk about how to attack top four on bank. Now I've really struggled in the past with how to attack videos because it's not easy to try and format them. This attack on bank was successful on a stream last night. So I thought I'd make a video to try and show you how to do it. I'll I'll go through the top four of the map of what we aim to do. Then I'll

[00:20]
show you in game what each operator needs to do. And then I'll run through the game that happened last night on stream of it actually happening. So, first off, what is the plan? Uh, the plan is to plant this. Okay. Well, this is bank. This is the lobby area here. You've got banana stairs, main stairs, sorry, main stairs, and square stairs. The aim of of this attack is to

[00:41]
basically just take this area of the map. Really, you need somebody on this window and you're going to need someone near lobby because you're going to be playing on these windows here outside CEO. So you've got to make sure nobody comes down here into ATM or make sure nobody comes down on here into lobby to fire onto those windows. Clearing those lines out of the way. So the plan is to

[01:01]
open this breach here which is back CEO on the right hand side if you're on um top square or on the left hand side if you're inside. This is where the default camera is here. So it's the wall underneath the default camera. Plan is to open this wall and then just a plant tucked in here behind an OSA shield. But obviously there's a few steps you've got to do in the leadup to being able to do

[01:22]
that. So plan being thermite and zero and Osa spawn this site. We have a Habana spawn this site as the side sorry. And we have anyone that wants to be comfortable on any gun. Grim is probably a good operator. Ying good operator but someone who's like a flex operator. Zafir can play here. So here we have OSA zero thermite. Here we have

[01:45]
Habana or Ace but Ace is banned these days. So Havana's fine. And then over here we've got a flex operator who's comfortable gunning. The job of this person is just to open Kanto wall here. So you can hold this long angle. We've talked about that loads of times on different attacks. The job of the flex operator who's spawning over here. Grim, Ying, even Ash would be fine. Zof, whoever it's going to be. Striker would

[02:05]
probably be a good one with nades and flashes as well. The job of this person is just to make sure no defenders come into this area and then eventually push up banana stairs. I'm drawing a lot on this map, aren't I? Thermite's job is to open that wall. OSA's job is to place a shield facing janitor and then also behind to plant there. The two Os shields. I'll run through through this

[02:25]
all in game. Don't worry. And then Zero's plan is just to place flank cams on all the staircases, main lobby, and even one in sight. Maybe you get six cameras and a drone, by the way. Two drones, so don't forget about that. So that's the plan. Okay, very quickly, just to repeat myself, thermmites open this wall. Place an Oser shield there. Place an Osa shield there. Habana or Ace

[02:46]
open that wall. A flex operator take this area of the map. Oser and sorry uh Osa and Zero on these windows to begin with. And then once OSA goes into plant after thermite's open the wall, they swap over. OSA goes in the map. Thermite goes back out once this wall's open. So that being said, I understand I'm just drawing lines on a a bird's eye view of

[03:09]
bank. Let's go through each operator's role in game and then let's watch it back in what happened on the stream the other night. First operator zero. He spawns jewelry front. You get rid of the default cams. One there, one in lobby. And what you'll then do is replace that camera in lobby with one of your own. This is a zero setup I've shown loads of times. Um then you come to square. You destroy the default camera in square.

[03:32]
Then you open this corner. Place a zero camera up in the corner there. then repel up here and then place a flank cam for the main stairs. You can do all of that within about 30 seconds of the round. And now we've got a main stairs flank cam, a square stairs

[03:53]
flank cam. This camera is very useful. And a lobby flank cam. You've still got three cameras left. So from here, if you wanted to, you can come to this window. Be careful. This is the site window. Pop on at the top of the site there. that will likely get shot out towards the start of the round. Another useful one if you can get it but don't die trying to do it is Jan at a wall and then flick

[04:14]
that round so you can see what's going on in Jan as well. And we've still got one left like he's so zero is so good. I also bring Harbach's charges with zero because thermite's job which we'll go through in a second is to open this wall. If thermite dies we've got backup set harreach charges with zero if we need to. The only other option is a claymore. And gone are the days of people jumping

[04:36]
out of these windows because you can't shoot as you're falling anymore. So yeah, you don't really need claymores, but um yeah, zero is going to be on this repel. Now, just to talk about this repel very quickly, remember on the top square repel, you can see the janitor cross. This will be important. Shout out Clydesider who was playing thermite on the actual event that on the actual attack that happened in stream the other

[04:56]
night. He did a belting job of being on this repel. This repel is class. Don't forget we're going to be opening this wall, right? So, from this repel, you're going to be able to see through the site. Let me just open a little gun. Oh, I haven't got a gone six. Brilliant. And you can see already how much of the sight we can see once that wall's open from this angle. You've then got the angle for the head holes that are normally there. Then you've got the angle to hold from janitor. But the big

[05:18]
one is you can also hold the flank down from kitchen fairly safely. You're not exposed to the site there. But you can hold the flank down from kitchen down from open area. anyone coming up from blue stairs even you could possibly be able to see as well. Um and also you can hold the square flank if somebody starts pushing up these stairs there. You can even go obviously further along the windows. Get a better angle down towards

[05:38]
janitor as well. Get a different angle on the head holes into sight all the way and wall bang all the way through to janitor. A really really solid position. And we're not even on the site windows. They're just the square windows. Obviously from the sight windows you can now hold into janitor rotate which is normally there. Cross in towards meeting. Come this way obviously. And now you can see across into meeting double door down towards elevators. You

[05:59]
can see down towards Trump and that's top spiral. Like the amount of angles these windows give you is wild. Obviously the danger is you're on repel. You can be a bit of a sitting duck. The enemy knows where you are. You're really loud. You know, you've got Don't One thing to not do on repels, by the way, is once you've made, you can get like a quick pick off, a quick pick off, a

[06:19]
quick peak off by shooting out a panel or two very quickly, but don't repeat that same panel. So, you can quickly go like this, try and get a shot off quickly, but you cannot under any circumstances repeat that panel. Why? Let's just jump inside and I'll show you. All of a sudden, let's just pretend we're on defense. Okay, I was playing behind the bomb. that's normally here.

[06:42]
In fact, no. I was playing a meeting that's normally here. You don't kill me. But now, where's the place I where's the only part of that window I need to worry about now. The only place I'm going to get shot from there unless I get wall bang is there. So, you cannot put your face back in there. You know, when you maverick a line in a wall, you can't put your face back in that maverick line. Not a straight away anyway. Shoot the

[07:03]
speaker. So, that's Zero's job. Zero, if all goes well, never needs to get in the map. He just plays on repel here. Okay, that's zero. Acce's job. Spawn parking. This can also be Habana as well. Don't forget, shoot the default cams if the person on the other side hasn't. And bring claymores. You then want to be playing this side of the map on these windows. Obviously aiming for this top

[07:23]
right window to open canto wall to begin with. Up we go. I find and this Okay, so you what I was just about to say then I find if you break the glass, it makes the throw easier. problem is if you break the glass there's now a sound cue that you're on these windows and staying here to throw a salma isn't as as safe as it could have been. That is especially

[07:44]
relevant for Habana. I feel that the glass sometimes makes the Habana pallets not go where they need to go. So if I'm playing Habana, I will always get rid of the glass first. If I'm playing ace, you don't always need to. But you want to be throwing a Salma pretty much in the middle, but to the left of this wall sort of not not over to Oh, I keep hitting the frame. Not over to the left hand side that much, but just find the

[08:05]
middle line, which obviously you can see is about there. And then just over just a smidge. This will open up the angle that I've shown and everybody's shown a million times. This is called Kanto wall. This then opens the angle from stock and elevator all the way down that corridor. That's actually probably a little bit higher if I'm being brutally honest. So, let's go a little bit lower. So, if we're throwing it, I threw it in

[08:26]
the m up here. You want to be throwing it a little bit further down. That wasn't a great example, but you know what? That was a great example of what not to do. Right. So now you can see all this angle all the way down there is completely cut off. And what I mean by that is have I still let me just tab out a sec. Have I still got my bank drawing open? Yes, I have. Let's open magic pen. So we're on here and we're holding down

[08:48]
that line there. And why that's good is because anyone who's in elevator can't cross there. Anyone who comes up main stairs can't cross there. And anyone who's in stock can't cross there. It also means that anyone who comes out of janitor can't come down this way. And we know that we're going to play in zero on these windows, which we've already talked about. So, they can't come out of janitor and go that way either. This angle is imperative pretty much no

[09:09]
matter what bank top floor attack you want to do. If you get an opportunity on attack to cut off a map like that, so it stops someone coming back from those stairs. No one can come up these stairs either because you can see them. Can't quite. It's just so so strong. You've got to open that wall. And one thing people don't do enough on defense is place bandits or a cade on that wall because getting the um the denial off

[09:30]
that wall can be quite tricky. You've got to you can't throw a Thatcher at it because the thatch will hit the wall and fall. You can't throw a um impact trick accurately particularly well because it's only a short radius. You've got to know what's on the wall. The best thing to do is to come here and n it um from lobby or play a twitch obviously. So it can be tricky to get the denial off there. Right, back into um turn magic

[09:52]
pen off. Back into siege. Right, can I just tab between them? Lovely. Right, so that's the plan. Cuts off the map. Now, as an ace, one thing I recommend you do is you bring claymores. And I recommend you claymore off these windows with your two claymores. Reason being is it's a I mean, you could you probably only need to claim off one actually, think about it, cuz by the time somebody jumps out

[10:13]
of here, you're not going to be able to do much for you. Um, but people can sneak through lobby without you hearing them because you're up there. Remember, you won't hear them. And then jump out of this window. Some people prep this window as well. That window's prepped without breaking the glass. You then jump out as a defender and kill the guy on that repel. Other run out you got to think about here is people running out

[10:34]
from a garage and you can stop that with a claymore here or even a claymore here. But just bear in mind, obviously it's it doesn't cut off a massively like that's pretty obvious as a defender, isn't it? You could just skirt around that. But this run out isn't overly effective. I think if you die from this run out, that's on you. Cuz like you think you get alerted after 2 seconds. One, two.

[10:54]
Now you already know they're there and they're still running out and getting you from underneath there. The tricky thing is if you're on repel here, you can't aim down. Like you can't get down far enough if someone was to peek there. So you've got to make sure you flip over. But just be aware of it. They're the two run outs you've got to worry about. Now when it comes to ace, you don't really need to stay on this all round cuz remember the plant's going to be going down way over here. So you can

[11:16]
then come down here, move along the front of the building a little bit and you can start getting different angles like along um banana here and you can get a nice angle between is that okay? Hang on a minute. I got the wrong one. There you go. You can see over into banana a bit there. You can also if you want to come this way and hold into trump from this window and also a bit of

[11:37]
top banana as well. But I don't once you've opened that wall and they know you're there, I wouldn't spend the entirety of the round there if I was you. Because again, if we nip back over to this, I open magic pen again. Um, a lot of the action we're going to be doing is here. And if you're on here holding down there, you can't see what's going on here. You can't be as effective. But if you if you're in the ascendy, if you're still in 5v5, if you

[11:59]
go 5v4, 5v3, then probably stay on there because you've got the ascendy on this side of the map. If you go down to like a 4v5, your 3v5, probably got to go got to get off there. So, back to siege like that. That's AC's job. The thing with ACE is like you've got a pretty clear instruction for the first minute and a half of the round. Last minute half of

[12:21]
the round, you got to sort of play it by what the situation is. If you're in the ascendancy, stay on the repel. Maybe you're not in the ascendancy, go over and help your team. And now we move on to the third roll, which is probably the hardest. No, wait. Third roll. We talked about zero and a so far. Come on Andy count. Probably the hardest one to explain. And the reason for that is you're basically changing what you do to

[12:41]
what the enemy does. You're first going to start by coming to this area of the map. This is ATMs. And your job is essentially to stop anyone trying to get underneath the guy on the repel here, but also stop any defender from coming into this area and peeking here onto the windows, which is where your zero oser or thermite is going to be. And also here in ATM, so you can get an angle up onto the windows here as well. Point of

[13:02]
note, please uh please don't ever die ever ever ever to a rat sitting in this corner. Whenever you drone ATMs, always make sure you drone in. Just double check both corners. The amount of times there's a vigil prone here and here is insane. Please check those corner. If you die to that, you owe me a fiverr. In fact, no. If you die to that, you have

[13:22]
to message me about it on Twitter or Discord and donate a fiverr to charity. That's the rules. Okay. Um so when you go in there, make sure you drone. I've brought EMPs on Grim because you could also if you wanted to you could I mean going across lobby at this point it's pretty dangerous. You know there's windows there. You won't have drone outwers. You won't have droned out towards elevator um two. So the elevator

[13:43]
call outs E1 is basement elevator one. Elevator 2 is the middle floor and elevator 3 is top floor. So someone says someone's E2 that's here. This is E3. Obviously basement is E1. So if someone you know you won't have drone droned out to main stairs E2 etc. So, um, what you can do is if you wanted to try and help the a if there was denial on this wall,

[14:03]
you can come to these windows with Grim if you've got EMPs or anyone else with the EMPs obviously. And if there's a bandit on the floor there, you can get the EMP, you can get the bandit from here. You can then obviously hop in the map from here and try and affect things from here. But what you need to do, it's a difficult role to try and explain and demonstrate in a video because you're basically just adapting to whatever the

[14:23]
enemy does. So someone comes down banana stairs to try and peek on those windows. That's why you're here. You can also put pressure on from lobby and let people know you're here. Um but you you haven't really got a strict job. Your job is to make sure your lads on windows on don't repel. And then as the round progresses, as things start going your way, hopefully then you can start looking at progressing up banana stairs. And this

[14:43]
is why Grim's good because if somebody is E2, you can grim that out over there. Drop it off the ceiling so it drops in front of the lobby. Grim that out there. Drop one in trump as well. And now you can push up almost safe in the knowledge that no one can be that side. No one can be in here unless they're on the door here. And no one can be swinging you around from top banana either. So grim is really really useful for for this

[15:04]
role. Obviously once you get to the top here, this is when again you have to be a little bit ad hoc with where you're going to I always forget that's there where you're going to think the enemies are going to be. You got to sort of play around a little bit. Definitely make sure you get a grim inside elevator. You don't want to be getting caught out from there. the amount of times sneaky defenders get kills by just waiting here and the attacker comes up banana stairs and then doesn't look this way. They'll

[15:25]
like they'll check the the elevator, they'll go like, "Yeah, yeah, okay, that's clear." And then start looking this way. And at that point, the defender that's just ratting in the corner here gets a free kill. So, I can't really tell you much more than that for this role. You want to have someone who's a pretty much a gunner on this role. Someone who can just adapt and think on the fly. Someone who's got good game sense. Someone who's got good mechanical skills. That's the role you

[15:46]
want there. And now we move on to thermite. Thermite's job is to open that wall that we've talked about. But what you need to make sure you do is you need to make sure you come in from this window. Reason being is the head holes are 99 times out of 10. Well, we haven't said that for a while. The head holes are going to be here.

[16:08]
So as an attacker coming in from top square is a silly idea. Trying to peek this. get down here and get across to here is a death sentence. Especially with somebody probably being stock, somebody probably being janitor. It's just not worth it. You can repel in from this window in relative safety. You've just got to make sure your drone

[16:30]
at least here just to make sure no one's in Talis. Okay. And no one's down towards kitchen. Okay. And you can even leave your drone there as the flank drone as well. Then you can repel in and then you've got a freebie. The thing you've got to do, thermite and OSA need to work really well here. And to be fair, me and Clyde absolutely nailed it on the clip I'm going to show you from the stream. Thermite comes in and opens

[16:51]
the wall whilst the OS is on repel watching anyone swinging round on the head holes or swinging around from janitor. You can't let them swing around from janitor. You can also play on like square skylight, but you don't get a very good angle on it. So, you're much better off being on the window. Remember, you're safe on the window cuz Grim's down in the lobby. So, all these

[17:11]
things have to come happen at the same time. Do you know what I mean? You you can't be on those windows and and Zero can't and Osaka can't and thermite can't be on these windows until Grim's in lobby. Um so, you know, you've got to help him get in there as well cuz it's a big area to worry about. Thermite comes in. You're going to have two reinforced walls here. Okay. Again, if the one of the walls is rein if the walls are

[17:32]
electrified, OSA has EMPs. If it's a mute jammy, you can bypass that anyway. But we want to be opening the left hand side. Apologies for the cut in the video there. Uh my daughter started crying while she was trying to get asleep, so I had to go and tend to that. It's one of the nightmares of trying to make videos when you've got kids that you're also looking after. So she's fast asleep now on the baby monitor. All is well. We can crack on. Sorry. I was saying you can

[17:53]
open up the left hand side of the wall. We don't want to go all the way over to the left hand side. Just, you know, go to the left and go in a couple of strides. That then is going to open all of this wall. Lovely stuff. Don't forget, I don't know if I said that on the earlier clip. I should watch it back, but I'm not going to cuz um I'm just going to say now if you if the wool's electrified, oh, come

[18:13]
bring EMPs. That's the end of that. Um so now the aim of I'm hearing if you've got any parents out there, you know, when the baby monitors on and you're like watching TV or you're doing whatever you're doing, do you ever hear phantom cries? Like you know when you've got your phone in your pocket and you get a phantom vibration, you're like, "Oh, someone wants me." And then wait, that's not vibrated. And you're like, "I definitely just felt that." after there's like after one of your kids

[18:34]
starts crying on the monitor and you go and settle them. Now I'm like, wait, is that a cry? No, it's not. It's the beeping of the bombing siege or you know, whatever it might be. Anyway, we're not here to talk about parenting. We're attacking bank top floor. So, the walls open. Thermite's basically done his job now. Um, Thermite goes back outside onto repel and Osa comes in. And obviously, we'll we'll go on to Osa's job in just a second. The reason we

[18:55]
don't open right on the left hand side, like I just said there, we go into the middle of that wall, is because if you open on the left hand side, the thermite charge will only open to about here. You want to try and keep as much of this wall open as you can, but you've got to make sure you can put an Osa shield flush with this wall. You've got to make sure you can do that. Um, you don't want to be putting it too far to the right

[19:16]
because then you'll have this kind of wall like here. You won't be able to get in flush. You want to be able to come in here and go back out without touching any bit of reinforced wall that would be left. So if I use this net, this other wall as an example, if I was to put it in the middle, let me show you what would happen. So you can see there, we would have a

[19:36]
little bit of the wall left over. We wouldn't be able to get in flush. We'd have to go in on a bit of an angle, then tuck around here, put the OSA shield down. Wouldn't be able to back straight back out. You'd have to sort of turn around and get back around it. Not helpful. You want to be able to get in and out through this line where you can plant. Once Thermite's done that, he goes out on repel. Remember, if you tap space bar or if you

[19:57]
tap your vault button on your controller, you'll just jump out the window. If you want to make sure you got on repel, just make sure you hold the space bar or hold the vault button as you're going out the window and instead of vaultting out. I mean, it's just a really obvious thing. It says on the screen there, but just make sure you hold it. It can buy you a couple of seconds. You don't have to vault down, go back up, etc. Now, Thermite's job is to protect the OSA. OSA now comes in.

[20:19]
Um, and we'll go over OSA's role, but stop the um, anyone swinging from janitor. Obviously, having a drone over there would be super useful. Don't know where the drone is. He's outside. Uh, and then also that angle that we talked about when I was playing zero. Now, look about how much of an angle you can get. You can see all the way into meeting double from here. Obviously, you've got the uh the single wall there where people hide behind for the couch. And

[20:39]
then you've got the janitor rotators sort of that area there. Yeah, there you go. That's exactly where the janitor rotate is as well. Be able to hold that from here. This one window with this wall open is so powerful. Let's get on to what Osa's job is. And last, but by no means least, we've got Osa. Thermite. That NAL uniform is so like so bright and nice. I really like it. OSA then

[21:00]
repels into the window. Thermite's already very kindly opened this wall for us. Now, two ways of doing this. In the clip, me and Thermite were in the building at the same time. Uh, and what you can do is have thermite on repel. Let me just move him up slightly so you can see the actual position. He'd be in holding janitor from here. But, and what Osa would do is come in and put an Osa

[21:22]
shield down here. And then what Osa can do is whilst thermite comes in and repels, Osa instead of being on the window, Osa can hold this. She could, of course, put the Osa shield on the window or you can be here. Just make sure again no one's flanking you. We've talked about this before with a drone below. Um, Osa can be here. You've got the head holes. You

[21:42]
got anyone swinging out from janitor who you can kill who they're trying to kill. Thermite as he opens that wall. Leave that shield where it is. Your next job is then to come into the site here. This isn't the site, so I won't be able to actually plant, but you come into the site here, step forward, put your shield on a slight angle, a very slight angle to the left, and you come in and plant behind it. Now, what will happen is the

[22:04]
thermite, because it'll be so far to the left, will open this cabinet. If you see from this side, that one's not open, but you can shoot it open like the thermite charge has done. So, if this ever happens to you and people try and do this strat on you, you can sometimes get an angle just in behind the counter there behind the shield. But of course, you've got thermite on repel holding

[22:24]
from here. You've still got zero on these windows repels, mate. Remember that zero can be on. Have I just feel like I was on high ping then? I'm like I'm hosting a custom game on one ping. How can I be on high ping? Um, zero's on these windows. Don't forget. So Zero can be holding the Jan rotate. So no one can come through here. Thermite can also see the janitor rotate as well. Osa then

[22:45]
comes in. Plants reverse. Soon as the plants down, you get out of there and OSA can then come here and hold the jan repel or OSA can then go back out the window. I've just vaulted out when I said don't vault repel and come back on here and hold the diffuser. Now remember the diffuser is behind this shield. So if if Zero is Excuse me, the noise. If

[23:06]
Zero is holding from here, there's a potential angle where people can long arm it behind the shield, but not really. Like it's it's it's not the right angle to be able to hide a whole body behind there, especially when the diffuser is actually there. But of course, Oser has nades. So if you wanted to, you could even just get rid of the shield yourself. As you'll see in the clip, I decided to jump down the stairs because I knew someone was janitor and I

[23:27]
was holding this angle here and I got absolutely I like this angle. Like this is a very favorable angle for attackers and I got deleted but I'll show you that in the clip. That's everybody's role. Are you with me? Grim takes lobby stops anyone going to lobby to get anyone off these windows. Ace of Habana on the other side of the map holding the long angle all the way down from Kanto down

[23:49]
here from that window outside over there. You've then got thermite, Ace, and Oser coming to these windows along the north side of the map. Thermite opening the wall. Osa coming in and planting behind his shield while Zero stays on repel and puts flank cams everywhere. This will still work if you're not in a five stack. This will still work if you're in a three.

[24:10]
Although the three that you would have to be is thermite osa and someone in lobby. You cannot reliably get on these repels if someone isn't in lobby cuz you'll just get shot from lobby there. You must have somebody in lobby stop and get into those windows if you want to be on these repels. So it'll still work with three. Obviously it's best for four or five if you can. Right, let's watch the clip. Roll VT as they say in show business.

[24:32]
This is this is not show business is okay. So this is the clip from the attack last night. Now bear in mind um we didn't like rehearse this. I've just been through a perfect scenario where everyone knows the roles. So we pretty much did what I've just said but slightly different. So we've got the thermite. That's Clyde. We've got the OS. That's me pointy Viper. I had streamer mode on. We've got the Dammo

[24:52]
who's playing the lion that goes in lobby, but he spawned on the wrong side. But that again, we didn't really fully go through everything we needed to do. We've got Habana who's going to be opening the um the Kanto wall that we've talked about. And we've got Zof as well. So, in my opinion, I would swap the lion with a grim. I would swap the Zof with a zero. Um and then obviously Ace or Habana. It doesn't make too much of a difference. So, let's just jump on with

[25:14]
me for a second and we'll just speed up slightly to here. I think Damo actually gets a kill. Uh, oh no, we lose her banner actually. No, I take that back. So, um, how do I go? There we go. The, by the way, let me just apologize in advance. The controls have changed on the replay mode, and I'm not fully up to speed with what the new controls are.

[25:35]
So, right, Habana is Have they not reinforced Kanto wool? I don't think they have. Habana is going to Kanto now. And if we just go down a little bit and get on board with Primed, who's there as army? I think he's about to delete Havana. He is Havana gets deleted. So, we don't

[25:56]
even get this wall open. But you'll see we still managed to pull the attack off. So, um I am now droning for thermite. Thermite gets on repel. Thermite, come on. On repel. Come on, buddy. Clyde, get on repel. Thank you, mate. Uh and then we he jumps on repel. Uh, let's speed it up a little bit, shall we? Um, is there a Where's the one times 1.5 times? Uh,

[26:21]
let's go down again so you can see what we're getting to. I'm droning for the thermite. I say to thermite, you can jump in. We've got to watch out for the Ella and the um, you can see Thermite's drone in Janitor there to make sure he can get in. I've got a drone below as well there, by the way. So we know we're not

[26:41]
not going to get flank from Talas. I then go in first. We get a kill on the dock. Doesn't kill feed. Not Mika got the kill or not. Me and So this is where I was talking. Thermite and Osa can be in the building at the same time. I actually quite like the smoke. Um obviously it covers off thermite, but it it allows Osa to set

[27:02]
that shield up safely as well. So shield goes down for Osa. That's me. Thermite gets the wall open. All going perfectly well so far. And we've got the zero, who is Zof in this case on the windows here. So, um, um, I nearly said Alibi then. A zombie starts getting really aggressive on this window. If you join from my POV,

[27:23]
uh, I'm pressing the wrong button here. You can see that she throws two KA barriers, starts trying to sort of get aggressive around them. I throw a nade, which buys us a little bit of time. She impacts her own keeper barriers after she's just thrown two of them. What's that about? She's like like jiggle peeking trying to see what's going on. I have a bit of a pre-fire. She Oh, I'm still in 1.5 times speed.

[27:44]
That's why it looks like I'm insane mechanically. She has a bit of a peak. I have a bit of peak and then I think I'll peek out to the side. I'm telling um Thermite where she is here. I'm saying to Thermite, Thermite, can you hold that angle there on three? Clyde being the absolute goat that he is. Uh what number is he? He's going to be eight. He's on here and he says, "Yeah, no worries. I'll hold that for you." He goes upside

[28:05]
down repel, which is the perfect angle here. The zombie peaks it again and gets deleted. Unbelievable from Collid. Right back on the O. So that's me. And we pop. Bear in mind we're in a 3v3 here. Shield goes down in sight. If I go on free cam here, you'll get a better angle.

[28:26]
I have a look at what's going on and then I start planting. The only place I can die from here is this angle that we talked about from janitor. You are blocked by like the bomb and the uh the chair by the way. Like I didn't The bomb wasn't there when we were explaining it, were we? So you still get pretty good cover from the bomb and the chair. They're in awful positions here. Like I've got to be honest, I'm being a bit critical of Frost. What are you doing

[28:48]
there, Frost? There's been no action anywhere near stock this whole round. There's all the action is top square and you're still just chilling in in stock. That's not helpful to your team. Ella is down here. Bear in mind, Ella wouldn't be able to be there if we had this wall open. So it's another angle we could have cut off for them. Plant goes down. Thermite comes in to cover the plant. I I think I if I could if we could run

[29:10]
that again. I don't think thermite needs to be there. But then we have the um Fenrier starts pushing up. &gt;&gt; Seconds to go &gt;&gt; who gets domed by the thermite. So maybe thermite did need to be there. But really the the um Fenrier couldn't do anything. As soon as he gets to this window, he's got to cross this window. He's dead anyway. Um so yeah, for me thermite stay on the window. Um but

[29:31]
yeah, he's coming and got the kill. So we were we to judge. Um I then know there's one with me and the hiding this OSA shield is key. Like all the swings that come from janitor. So we know alo there's one janitor there. And at this point now I think I'm going to jump down here. Let's watch it from my POV cuz I get rinsed. So I'm like right okay he's janitor. I'm going to jump down and then

[29:51]
I'm going to hold the angle that I like. He's he doesn't even see me there. I missed the shots. I mean, that's absolutely insane, isn't he? He rinses me. Let me just go back a second. Watch it from their that point of view. Uh,

[30:14]
he I'm not He doesn't even know where I am at the moment. No way. That's how I died. I haven't seen this back yet. That's actually how I died there. I thought he just got an unbelievable shot on me and domed me. That it might be the luckiest kill we've ever seen. Watch this back. Bear in mind, I'm behind this sight casing site housing.

[30:36]
So, he doesn't know where I am. No way. Anyway, that's how I died. Uh, let's go back into free camp and you'll see collide here probably being a little bit too aggressive if I mean look I just

[30:57]
died but if we're being a little bit um critical a little bit too aggressive for me that doesn't need you can just stay behind that shield until she starts walking towards you. Don't risk dying. Uh, by the way, Mika got the kill onto the Frost who finally decided to come over from stock. And then now is when Ella starts walking towards the shield. And that's when Clyde can just do her as she's walking towards her. Boom. Job

[31:18]
done. Round over. That's the actual in-game example shown as well. Now, don't get me wrong, and I I'm kind of glad it didn't all go perfectly there because in your games, attacks aren't going to go perfectly. Or they might do occasionally, but they're not going to go perfectly every time. So sometimes you watch an attack video and you're like, "Okay, just place a drone here, get the entry kill there, open

[31:38]
that warm plant there, and you're like, "Yeah, there is five enemies trying to stop me from doing that." You know, it's not just as easy as just uh as doing that. So I'm quite glad actually in hindsight that that round went a bit tits up straight away with the Havana dying. Um and then Damo dying as well. Um so yeah, wait, we were in a Oh, no, wait, sorry. Damo died. We got the kill on Doc and then Damo died. So we were in

[31:59]
a 3v4 at um at this point here. We were Yeah, that's We were in 3v4. Zof, Thermite, and Os are available. And these four dead. These four are alive. Sorry. I do think um because we lost our lobby cover. If one of those goes down into lobby, we're screwed. I mean, we have got a drone lobby. Um you've always

[32:20]
got to have a flank drone lobby, but yeah, we've got a drone there on the light. Um and we had another one on this light as well, so we have pretty good drone coverage anyway. But if you were a defender and you drop down into lobby there, you'd have a better chance of stopping that round. But once they repel in and get the plant in, then it's then it's tough. But that's it. That's how you do it. That was easy, wasn't it? I'm And the more I think about it, I'm actually

[32:41]
really glad that the round went a bit tipped up. That was a that kill there from Clyde on that upside down repel to the guy on um on janitor swing. Let's just go back a smidge and uh and watch from the army's point of view. Did he have any clue that they were there? Cuz this is giving it a bit of the jiggle peak, wasn't he? It was like giving it a bit of a Let's have a look what's going on.

[33:02]
Trying to pre-fire it. Little peak. Little peak here and there. Little peak here and there. Now we called. Watch this angle, please. Thermite. Next time she peaks. Dead. Absolutely rinsed. Did Aarami have impact grenades? She did, but she didn't have any left. That's a shame because if she had impacts, it's a bit easier for her

[33:22]
there. Great shot from Clyde. So, there you go. That's how you do it even in a five a 4v3 when things have gone tits up. In short, open that wall, plant with an Osa shield up against that that cabinet. Now, let's talk just very briefly before we end the video of the counters to this. And if you're defending, what can you do? Well, the

[33:43]
counters are a C4 from below because during this attack, we've got no one below. So, if there's a pulse below, if there's a Valk below, you could C4 from below to stop it. You can also C4 onto the square um balcony where um OSA is now and where Thermite opens the wall from. But as an attacker, you can kind of be aware of that because you've got drones below to know that there's no one below. You can also know during the prep

[34:05]
phase what defenders they've got. Have they got a Valkyrie or Pulse? Have they got a C4? Yes or no? On that team, there's actually no C4, is it on the current defending lineup there? What? Dockers, Army, Ella, Frost, and Fenri. So, no C4 to worry about. Um the other the only other thing you can do really is to try and take lobby and to get on lobby to stop this repel because these

[34:25]
repels just cover like so much of the map. And if the attackers have also been successful in getting the Kanto wall open down here, which is what we wanted to open with Habana, it's even harder for defenders. I honestly think this is one of the hardest sides to defend um as a as a as a defender obviously. Um also the Fener is in a bit of a poo position as well. Like the Fener is not really contesting anything like he's easily

[34:46]
wall bangable if anyone knows he's there. Great upside down repel work from the attackers there. Thermite and Zof there holding angles. He's holding the janitor repel. We don't know any no one's in janitor at the moment cuz we don't have a drone there. But just holding that Jan repel is perfect. If I jump on Ma uh you can see holding like the the upside down angle behind the bootcase and then holds the janitor repel as I mentioned. Just really really

[35:08]
solid. So there are a few counters to it. They'll be count. There's nothing in Siege that isn't counterable because the worst thing as a video creator in Siege, right? Is you'll you'll put a Tik Tok on or you'll put a YouTube video on and someone will go, "Oh, you're just doing that, are you?" Well, all you need to do is do that instead. If the defenders just do that, you lose. And you're like, "Well, yeah, that's the point of Siege. Nothing's not counterable apart from

[35:28]
Maverick." Maverick doesn't have a counter outside of that. Everything's counterable. Oh, if the attackers do that, I would just do this instead. Well, you wouldn't cuz you didn't know the attacker was going to do that. So, it's easy to watch the video and go one C4 from below and that plan's over. like, "Yeah, everything's counterable, mate." But that is a solid attack. And where I got this attack from, by the way, it was in EML. I can't remember which team it was, but I was watching an

[35:49]
EML team and they I don't know what other operators they use, but they definitely did the OSA and Thermite thing, so it's not like something I've crafted. I saw it in Pro League, and if it's good enough for them, it's bloody good enough for me. Right. Thank you as always for getting involved with the channel. We have rambled on a little bit there, but that's sort of the uh the theme of this channel at times. Thank you as always for getting involved. Don't forget if you want to support the channel even further, you can do there's

[36:10]
ways below. One of the best ways is just subscribe, like the video, say something in the comments which helps boost the algorithm, such as red duck, if you want to say that. Uh, or you can actually comment something that's an experience you've had on the attack or go, "Bloody hell, Andy. What a brilliant idea. I can't wait to use that attack with my stack, mate." Uh, or you

[36:32]
can join the um the charm movements on Twitch. I've got a charm in the game on Twitch. I I don't know how. It's down there in the bottom of the screen. How the hell have I got a charm in this game? I have no idea. Incredibly lucky. Down to you guys really watching videos and watching Twitch. So, if you want that charm on your guns or you just want to add it to your collection, you can sub on Twitch. You've only got to sub once and it'll be in your account forever. Just make sure your Ubian

[36:53]
Twitch accounts are linked. That's all, folks, for this video. Wait, what's that from? That's all folks. Is that Looney Tunes? That's all folks. I think it is. Um, and I'll be back on the next video, whenever that might be. Probably Monday for the solo queue video. Thanks as always for getting involved. I really Oh, one more thing. I'm not very I really want to do

[37:14]
more attack videos like this. The different roles you can do as attackers and how you can break down a site to attack it successfully because attack I think is one of the hardest things people struggle with in Siege. If anyone knows of a better format that I can do to try and make this more self-explanatory to make it flow a bit better. It's not it's not a very easy thing to make flow for me. I'm a bit crap at it, but I just sort of joint it

[37:35]
together. If you can say, "Oh, what would be better is if you do this, then show that and then show this." And any ideas you've got to try and make these attack videos flow better, like the format of them, please let me know. I'm open to all sorts of criticism, compliments, and positive and negative. Well, I mean, don't just say you're an old bold bastard. I mean, you can say that if you want. Um, but if you've got an idea, you actually do this and said that might help the video, then please,

[37:55]
I'm all ears because I really want to find a format to make how to attack videos flow better. So, um, so we can do more of them and show more sites. I don't know why I've not been playing this in the background, cuz that would be more fun than just talking to a poor screen. Thanks as always for getting involved with the channel. All the very best. Cheers.
