Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJuBBBbleO8
Map: Border
Side: Attack

[00:00]
And boom. Hey up troops. A little tin here again with another video. We're doing an attack video. I put a Reddit thread out the other day saying what would be the best type of video that people want to learn from in Siege. I don't just want to keep recycling the same how to play Warden videos, etc. Attack was by far and away the most popular choice. So, I'm going to start with what I think is the easiest site to attack in Rainbow Six Siege, maybe

[00:21]
outside of CCTV Clubhouse. Not only is it easy to execute in my opinion, it's easy in theory as well. So in short, what we're going to try and do, let me just close the pen for a second, is this is border obviously top floor and when we're attacking bathroomwars, the bathroom tellers site is here. So you've got tellers here and then bathroom here. The idea is to plant

[00:43]
under the hatch if we This is the hatch here and you can see below that's where the hatch would land in the sort of bathroom shower stall here. I'll go through all of this in game. Um, and it only requires a minimum of sort of three operators. Ideally, we're going to do four. Obviously, you might have a five stack and then I'll talk about that with an extra operator you can pick maybe. But the idea is to drop the hatch and

[01:03]
plant here. Now, here's the cool thing. You don't need to do anything with the ground floor except plant. Everything we're going to do is upstairs around this part of the map. Everything downstairs you can ignore except drop the hatch and plant. That's all we need to do. Okay. So, on the top floor, as you're probably familiar with border, um you've got 90 hallway here. Just I know

[01:23]
this doesn't look immediately recognizable. Um, and you've got armory here. This is the half wall. This is the armory wall here. And then you've got the uh office and archives area here. And this is the area we want to try and take it. So, what you can do with border, whichever site you attack, you can cut the map in half upstairs. And what I mean by that is we're attacking

[01:44]
and wanting to drop this hatch to plant below. And we need to take this area of the map. We can ignore all of this. So balcony you can ignore break room you can ignore CCTV which everyone wants to take for some reason you can ignore and largely 90 hallway to an extent you can ignore all we're going to do is take

[02:06]
armory we're going to take archives and we're going to take office that's it okay I am getting warm with that hat on let me take that off so they're the three areas we want this side of the map because you can cut it off with one drone so the plan is we have Grim Ying Fuse and Nomad They're the four operators I'm going to pick. If you've got a five stack, you could maybe take a

[02:27]
shield um to make droning and clearing things out easier. Obviously, you've got a a doorway into the map here. And if you're playing any shields, a doorway into the map is ideal. You don't want your shields jumping through a window cuz they're vulnerable. If you had a fifth player and you wanted to take a Monty and you could basically use the Monty as a human drone through the archives door and then obviously clear out armory or clear out into office, um

[02:49]
then obviously that would be really helpful. If you've only got a four, and even if you've only got a three, this is fine. If you've only got a three, uh, drop grim or ying, just bring one of those two. Okay, so what we need to do is take this half of the map. And how we do that is we have two people go to armory and we have uh, sorry, let me I'm thinking about if we've got five here.

[03:10]
We have two people go to armory if we have five. However, we're talking about this with four, aren't we? So, I'm thinking about this on the fly. So, if we've got four, we still have two people go to armory. I'm just thinking I I know this is a five in my head. I've not really planned it for a four, but I'm just making up as I go along, basically. Um, but I still know what I'm talking about, believe me. The key thing to this strat is taking this area and this area

[03:33]
because it's really hard to do. This area is not too bad because you've got a breach you can work with, a door, you can work with obviously sandwich window you can work with as well. This is slightly more tricky. However, there are things you can work with here as So, we've got the window on vents. We've got the door into office. We've got the window here. And of course, we've got top east and this triple soft wall here to work with as well. So, what we're

[03:54]
going to do, we're going to have two people or or one person, but two two people on armory. Uh, and that's going to be fuse and it's going to be grim. Okay. You've then got the nomad and the ying. And what you're going to do is you're going to have nomad on here and then you're going to have ying on here. Okay. X and X idea being we drone in and

[04:17]
we clear this area and assuming and this is the difficult thing I'm making out here that this attack is it's going to go completely the way we want it to. It won't always but I'm talking in a perfect world. So please don't be in the comments like yeah but clearing Roma is not as easy as what you just said. I know that. I know that it doesn't always go the way you want it to. And that's where siege gets fun when you have to adapt. But this is in a perfect world.

[04:39]
you are going to have to clear out some players in this top four area unless they play over here and that's fine because you don't care about this side of the map. Remember, the only thing just just on that note, the only thing you need to worry about on this side of the map is an angle here where you can see across into the Oh, sorry. Not there at all, Andy. What are you talking about? An angle. Um, yeah, it is about

[05:00]
there. I'm sure it is. Wait, this is this like you can see from there across there. But that isn't the right angle. This is actually I don't think this is accurate because the angle is from about here. You can see Yeah, it must be accurate, but I've just got my angles wrong. Okay, that looks about right. You can see into

[05:20]
the um office double door from the balcony over here. That's the only angle you need to worry about. Okay, so what you're going to do is take this side of the map, and you do that by droning each other in using grim. If someone's half wall, you grim them out, or you, of course, you can swap the ying and grim around here, no problem. You can also ying the person out of uh half wall if you want to. And then if they drop back to office again, you use all this

[05:42]
utility to keep pushing them and pushing them back, and eventually they're going to run away or you're going to get the kill. Idea being if you've got the two guys here and you push them into armory, these guys get the kill. vice versa. If they're playing an armory and you push them this way using um um fuse and grim, then these guys are waiting for the cutff. It's all about cut offs as well. So, if you know that these guys are

[06:02]
droning and one's pushing out, you've got to be ready on the windows cuz the only way across here is there or there. And you can see that with Nomad as well. So, I don't want to dwell too much on how to clear out the top floor and the Rome clear because there's no set practice. The way that the enemy reacts is going to be different every game, but you get the principle, right? You've got two people this side, two people that side, and a fifth if you bring the Monty

[06:24]
to walk through here, which is even easier. Once you've cleared them out, we're going to get the um 90 drone set up. That is key to this attack. You must have a 90 drone, and you must have at least one of your teammates watching that 90 drone at all times until we've got the Nomad Air Jab set up. Okay, so

[06:44]
we've got the 90 drone. The reason we put it here on 90 is because you can see the top of those stairs and you can see the top of those stairs. So the top of metal and the top of east. That 90 drone completely cuts it off. I'm conscious that I've already spent seven minutes showing you the top of a map so far. So that 90 drone watches both flanks. It's fantastic. You could even play a zero if you wanted to to swap out the one of the grim or the ying or even the Monty. The

[07:05]
fifth could be a zero and you can put a cam there with with a zero. You must stay on that 90 cam. If you get flanked on this attack, I'm never talking to you again. Okay, once the Nomad gets into the map, we're then looking at setting up the air jabs. Top east stairs, sorry, top metal stairs for an air jab and top east stairs for an air jab. Now, please bear in mind that air jabs, whilst

[07:26]
somewhat reliable, are not entirely reliable and can be destroyed by impacts, can be shot on an angle at most of the time if you hear them. Um, so don't entirely rely on the air jabs. Once you've got this area of the map, you don't need five players not on the uh you don't need five players active. You can have one person still watching this 90 drone ready to call flanks. Whilst you're getting the attack set up,

[07:47]
you can also have people on flank watch. You can have somebody here in Africa watching the top metal cutff and you can have somebody on office double door or on the uh triple wall here. You can make a little hole so you can see the top of the stairs there watching the east stairs cutff um and watching that flank as well. What we need to do ultimately is open this hatch. And we do that by either and this is the beauty of these three operators we've got here. Grim,

[08:08]
ying, or fuse bring in hard breach charges. Now, the hatch might be electrified. And if the hatch is electrified, you can make things easier for yourself in the run-up to this round by banning Cade if you want to. And not a great ban in my opinion, but you can do or you can take um hard breach charges on Ying or Fuse and then EMPs on Grim if you want to. Um

[08:31]
and then your EMP obviously on the the Kore and that opens the hatch. What you can also do, which I've done many times, is you can fuse along this line here, this sort of angle, and the fuse charges will bounce to sort of underneath the hatch and and generally will get the Kclaw off. Only very few times in me doing this attack have I not got the Kclaw off with fuse. I generally play fuse on this map on this site, sorry.

[08:51]
So, you can take EMPs. The fuse will get it if you do it right, but it's not 100%. Obviously, with the the way that the fuse pucks bounce, it's kind of random at times depending on the objects it hits. So, that's literally it. Once you've got the hatch open, I'm going to have to just come off the pen and swap over to the floor below here. Once we've

[09:11]
got the hatch open, you drop and you plant here. Now, as a defender, I'll show you how you can counter this, but I've ne no one's ever countered me this way before, but there is an easy counter to it, but no one ever does it. Excuse me. Once the person drops and plants the team above, remember we're above on the hatch here. So only one person's dropped and plant from the hatch, which is like

[09:34]
sort of here, give or take. You've got one person, this is above, one person stood here watching the rotate, and you've got one person stood here watching the sight door. And if you've got a third person, you can have them watching the rotate in from workshop, which is usually here. Hopefully that is simple enough. In theory, clear out the top floor. Let me just jump over back to

[09:55]
the top floor. In theory, clear out the top floor. This area here, open the hatch, drop, and plant. It's that simple. Now, if there's more than two or three RORs in this area, it can be tricky to clear out. But that's why we bring Ying and Grim. I nearly said Grim and Gring and Yim then. That's why we bring Grim and Ying. Remember, do not

[10:16]
spend any of your time doing anything with this area of the map. Please. We don't need it. If there's an enemy in CCTV can stay there. The only thing you got to worry about is if they impact this wall and shoot across into armory or something like that. So be be conscious it's there. But don't waste any time clearing anyone out of CCTV break or balcony. Um so yeah, push this end, force them this way, you got the

[10:37]
cutff here. Alternatively, push this end, force them this way, and you got the cutff here. If you don't get the kill from the cutff, push them this way, and they'll go down here and leave the area map that you want. Or of course they can come this way and leave the area of the map that you want. If they're not there, doesn't really matter because what'll happen is if they don't die and they leave the area of the map, they're going to go and play like in customs here or they may go around to

[10:59]
ventilation or workshop and try and do something from there. They may even come into tellers. Doesn't really matter where on the map they go as long as they're not in the area that you need. Right. That's the theory. I'm It's 11 minutes of me just talking and drawing on a map. I if anyone watches this and and stays like engaged, I don't know how you do cuz I certainly wouldn't. But I

[11:20]
I've said this before, I'm I'm yapping about yapping now, but I could really do with a better way of the sort of format of a how to attack video, but I want to explain the X's and O's and the hows and Y's before we get into just showing you in game because otherwise people will be doing something in game, but they don't really know why. I'm yapping now and extending the bit that I said was already too long. Let's just get into the game play. Right then, the actual

[11:41]
gameplay port. I know I'm playing book and I didn't mention book in the setup, but it's just the easiest operator for map manipulation. And I The beauty of this is I don't need to show you each individual operator's jobs in a different clip like we did on the bank video because no one has a specific job that they, you know, thermite doesn't have to get a wall. OSA doesn't have to put a shield up, etc. You've just got to

[12:01]
open the hatch and that can be grim, ying, or fuse. So, we're going to open the armory wall and this is where you're going to start using those we're going to start using those cut offs. Oh, from the armory wall where you've got grim or ying and fuse. Um, so fuse and grim or ying, doesn't really make a difference. You're going to start droning out armory. And of course, if they start playing half wall, you know, you go in

[12:22]
behind here, you drone them out. You know they're there. You can make a hole in the wall here higher up and ying or grim. Or you can open the wall and do it. Sorry, open the door and do it. But all you need to do is flush the person that's out of half wall. They will move as soon as you throw a candala or you fire a grim um canister in here. A what was it called? hive canister or something like that. If they run into small office, no problem. Soft wall

[12:43]
here. And then this is where the cut offs come in. If they run this direction, boom, we've got a player on this window and we've got a player on this door ready to push around. If this room is completely free and they're down in half wall, you can just enter from here with the ying. You can come through here, start pushing down to the half wall whilst they're focused on the armory wall with the grim and the fuse. So if they push through here, then they

[13:05]
get cut off from there. If they push this way, that's fine. We don't care about that. Remember what I said? As soon as they leave armory archives office, we don't care where they go. They'll probably go into CCTV or down the stairs, but we don't really care where they go. So, as soon as they flushed out Armory, you start walking up to here and you carry on droning as you go. The only thing where it gets a little bit trickier if they manage to get through here without being cut off

[13:26]
from the window and then they come into fountain and office. But that's also fine because you now know the archives is clear and armory is clear. So, you can start taking these areas and you can do the same thing again. You push up, you drone, you ying, your grim, and you force them out of that area or you get the kill. Make sure you drone here. By the way, please don't die to this. Please don't die to the rat that goes under the desk there. Okay. Um, also

[13:47]
don't forget to shoot the radio. Get that out of here. So, that's it. Now you've got armory archives and office. Now I know in reality it doesn't always go that simply but there are so many cut offs here that you you you might die to someone who's an insane Roma playing vigil swinging everything you go bloody hell he's good sometimes that happens

[14:07]
that's games that's competitive anything competitive any sport really that happens sometimes you have to go yeah you know what he's had a good game there but there are so many cut offs here you've got one cut off two cut offs three cut offs obviously the cutoff here and here failing that if they come through into office the window we've not even spoken about yet is the office window which is here. Another good cut

[14:28]
off because if they move into back office uh sorry back archives you can soft wall here. Then of course you've got the cut off here with a triple wall that's completely soft which you can manipulate to your own extent however you need to get control of office. Once you've got control of office armory and archives I'm not kidding when I say it's plain sailing. All you need to do is open this hatch. Once that hatch is open that's

[14:50]
when the plan finally comes together. So you've got the hatch open. You need to make a line of sight there and a line of sight there. So you can either shoot through the wall or if you've got an operator with a shotgun, obviously it's a little bit easier to make two lines of sight like that. And there'll also usually be obviously a rotate here for the defenders. Can I make a rotate there? I can't get that angle. Come on.

[15:10]
Come on. Book shotgun. There we go. Make a rotate there. And I might as well just do it tidy now. Come on Andy. If we're doing a job, let's do it properly. And then there's usually also a rotate there. This is probably the hardest thing to cover, but it is possible. and I'm going to show you how. So, let's just fire back upstairs. Reload the old skeleton key because my OCD will not let me um not reload a gun. Oh, what we

[15:30]
haven't spoken about the 90 drone. The 90 drone just goes here on 90 under the default cam. Why is this so good? Cuz anyone flanking metal stairs, anyone flanking east stairs can be seen by one drone just looking both sides like this. If they shoot the drone, don't worry. Put another one there. Just keep replacing that 90 drone. It's It is It'll win you the round. Obviously, air jabs, you can put one here. And you can

[15:51]
also put a air jab over here on the other side of this wall like this. Just be careful. Air jabs only go off on a line of sight. And as a defender, you can get to sort of this angle and shoot the air jab before it'll go off. But don't worry, cuz if you do get here, your mate on 90 who's watching your drone is going to see the enemy anyway. So, in our hypothetical world, we've cleared armory, we've cleared archives, we've

[16:13]
cleared fountain, and we've cleared office. We have a 90 drone set up. And now we're I didn't mean to do that. That's a fat finger on the mouse. I'm sorry about that. We have a 90 drone set up. And now we're ready to execute. Alls we're going to do is drop the hatch just like this and plant here. Now be careful of this. I'm going to talk about this in just a second. The drone hole. Plant tucked into the soft wall as well as you

[16:34]
can. Defenders are going to come through three areas. They're going to hear you drop the plants. Oh, they're planting. Okay, I'm going to come through here. Don't worry, you've got the angle on the hatch here. They're going to come through the sight door. Oh, they're planting. Don't worry, you've got the angle on the side door. Then to come through the workshop, rotate. Oh, the planting. Don't worry, you've got the angle here. You don't think you have, but if you go prone, all of a sudden,

[16:54]
you can see the hatch. So, you can see people's feet. I'll show you what that looks like from above. Whilst you're getting the plant down, don't be shy about throwing any remaining grim um canisters and ying candalas that you've got left over. Don't be shy about that. And of course, before you get the plant down, don't be shy about getting fuse um uh fused in this area or fuse. What they called? Fuse charges. I can't think what

[17:16]
it's called. Like one here, one here, one here. And this one's a pretty important one as well because this I mean I can just open the floor and show you. Well, I could if I feel like book shotguns so inconsistent recently. Seems to like only skim the top layer. This is the bathroom door there. And this is the corridor for bathroom. So you get some good value by if you gr Sorry, if you

[17:37]
fuse like here, one of those pallets is going to go through this door and destroy what's on the other side of the door. Sometimes there's a shield here and things like that. So it's really good value for destroying utility. So what do we hold? So as we're planting, we've got three angles to hold. We've got the rotate, we've got the side door. Let me just get rid of that. It's a bit cleaner as well. Got the sight door, and

[17:58]
we've got the rotate to workshop. Remember, we couldn't see the hatch from the workshop rotate. Now you can see the workshop rotate and of course when they jump over you're going to see feet here. They're either going to have to get a lucky wall bang on the guy planting or they're going to have to round this corner anyway and in which case you're going to see them. So as soon as you see the feet you can sort of get ready for them to appear about here. Those three angles are all watched. This is why we need four people. One person to drop,

[18:19]
one person to hold the three different angles. Four. Only one person. If you win this attack and do it right, you should hit the ground floor. And I love that idea that you've just won it all from above. That's siege. That's map manipulation. Okay, so one person holding the sight rotate. They can't come through there. You're holding it. You can also ying and grim it as well, obviously. And again, the sight door,

[18:39]
someone's going to want to come through the sight door. They can't come through there cuz you're holding it. I know I'm repeating myself. I'm just getting it across. Workshot. Rotate. You're holding it. Now, as a defender, how do you stop this? Well, there is a couple of ways you can do it. No one has ever stopped us from doing this attack. The only way we've lost this round if we're doing this attack is the Rome clear above didn't go to plan. But once you've got this that side of the map and you've got

[19:01]
the hatch open and you're ready for the execute and you've still got at least four people alive, you're laughing. So this um drone hole is your friend as a defender. So in Talis it's generally a safe place to be because there's no vert except the setup that you do as a defender because a lot of people will make feet holes along those walls there which is can be the right thing to do because what you'll get is attackers

[19:23]
will try and plant back tellers and now you can defend to tellers from customs because they can't plant anywhere there. They want to try and plant behind the bomb in that corner or over here in that corner. You can hold it all from here. So that setup can be useful. It just depends where the enemy is. But if you're in Talis, obviously you could be here and you're protected from the FE holes. And if you're playing a smoke, you can stop that plant pretty easy by

[19:44]
just playing here, making sure your smoke goes through the drone hole as I'm showing there. You know, don't drop the smoke here. Make sure the smoke goes through the drone hole there. Or you can C4, but the C4 is a little bit trickier because if the C4 only lands here, a portion of the blast is going to be absorbed by the the drone hole. And it depends where the opponent's planting as to whether the C4 will be effective or

[20:05]
not. Um, but yeah, playing back here as smoke you. And if I mean, it doesn't matter where you play really. As long as you get a smoke through that drone hole, it'll stop that plant spot. The only other place they can then plant half safely is over here, which I've had to do a few times myself, and you sort of panic and try and plant over here. You are still now protected from the side door and the workshop rotate, but of course, you're

[20:25]
not protected from Talis. And as a defender, if you know the plant's going off over there, you can then get an angle. Excuse me, I'm trapped on the microwave there. You can then get an angle on there as well. Now, you can kind of be seen from the hatch from here, but nobody is going to be looking at this. Everyone's going to be looking at this. So, and again, you could even just throw another smoke over there if you wanted to. But that's the way you

[20:47]
would stop it as a defender. You would use this drone all to your to your advantage or try and stop the um the easy roam clear above. That's it. I really like talking about attacks like this where operators are interchangeable. You know, like on the bank attack, just using that same example again, we will aite's got to open the wall. Osa has got to put the shield down. Blah blah blah. If Thermite dies, the whole attack strategy is out

[21:08]
the window. You got to come up with something else on this. Almost every operator is interchangeable outside of opening the hatch with harbre charges and clearing the cade claw if they've got one. And you don't b the cade. But that's it. One person drop, one person watch workshop rotate, one person watch sight rotate, one person watch sight door. Easy as pie. I reckon I've got an 80 85% win rate on this site. Only um

[21:29]
struggling once. as I say that if you struggle to clear the roam as I mean what you can have and don't forget you can open workshop rotate as well if you want to and then you can hold workshop earlier on in the round before you go for the execute hold it from above it's just I don't know I find it quite an easy site to attack hardest spit is clearing the enemy out of these areas but you bring operators that defenders

[21:50]
don't want to like play against grim ying or other um area control um attackers like say a capattow you can flame off behind half wall they aren't going to be hanging around nobody wants to if you're not playing warden. Nobody wants to be in the vicinity of a ying. And as I said, as the plant's going down, the execute's going down. Don't be afraid. Throw everything you've got down in that area to get the plant down. Once the plant's down and you've still got

[22:11]
three people above and the diffuser is literally there, it's almost impossible to lose. The only thing you got to do is make sure nobody plays retake coming up metal or east. That's why we have the drone. What you could even do is once the plant's down, you've got one person watching the diffuser to make sure they don't diffuse. You can just have one person watching the flank still if you still want someone on cams. boring for that person, I would happily do that cuz

[22:32]
I I would quite happily watch a drone all round if it meant the team won the round because that's siege for me. Like everyone has a role. You don't just have to get numbers on the scoreboard to be massively influential for your team. So there you go. I feel like I talk really fast and that's quite hard to follow, but summarize quickly. Flush opponents out of armory, archives, fountain, and

[22:53]
office by using crowd clearing operators and droning of course. Open the hatch, fuse if you want to to get rid of some utility, but the fusing isn't always necessary. I just like it because I like clearing the um the bathroom below because don't forget when you open the hatch, defenders can still be in bathroom. You know, it doesn't mean this room's going to be clear, but if you bring the fuse and you start like fuse

[23:14]
charging a little bit, it generally clears people out of bathroom. I don't think you can get it wrong once you've got the room clear. And and just to reiterate what I said about the side of the map is once they leave this area and they come around to here, we literally don't care that they're here. Now, obviously, we'll have to watch them peek in this double door, but we don't have to worry about them. They're not in an area that can affect us until they get to this door. And you'll know that because you'll be on this drone. The

[23:35]
angle I was talking about from balcony is this angle here. So, it was it was sort of looking on the plans like you have to be there to get the angle, but you don't. You can be here. So, like this angle can be troublesome because you can see through the uh the office double door. So, yeah, good luck with this. I think it's one of the easiest sites to attack. I'd love to hear what you think and how you get along with it. Remember, you can do this with three as

[23:55]
well. The only other difference being you can only watch two angles. The angles that you'd watch are the rotate and the side door. But you've got whoever's on this angle here needs to listen to their right earphone to know if somebody's just come through the workshop rotate. And if they do, they got to watch this angle here. Um it can be trickier with three, but if you've got one person planting and three persons uh three people on the hatch, it's free cheese. Right, there we go. I

[24:17]
hope that helps. Um I appreciate everybody getting involved on the Reddit thread talking about what videos would be better to make um or what people want to see even. Sorry. And if you've got any feedback there below, if you've got any feedback on the format of the attack videos, please let me know because I feel like I'm doing a lot of talking at you. And for me, I don't think I would be overly engaged by just watching me do what I've just done. I don't think that

[24:38]
would translate well for me. I'm a bit of a doer. So maybe go into a custom game and play along with what I've just said and see how it works. Um, and also if you're not in a five stack, don't be deterred. Don't think, "Oh, I'm not in a five stack. Those strats aren't for me." Because you the way of attacking this site will still be the same in a solo que scenario. It's just obviously a lot harder to organize people to do the things you need them to do. Siege is

[24:58]
very flow charty, isn't it? You know, have we cleared armory? Yes. Okay, let's clear office. Have we cleared office? No. Okay, we need to drone office. Have we cleared office? Yes. Okay, move on. And you move on. Yes. No. Type of thing. So, in solo queue, you're kind of reliant on, have we done this bit? Well, I sort of need that person to do this bit before I can do this bit. And you've got to try and interact with them a little bit and just sort of watch. I know it can be trickier in solo queue. Um, but in a, you know, in a dream

[25:20]
world, we all five stack and where everyone knows the strats and we practice. But let us know how you got on with this. Hopefully it helps you out. I appreciate everybody getting involved with the channel as always. Like, comment, subscribe, and all the things that um that help the channel and the algorithm. A comment and a like is super helpful. YouTube goes, "Oh, people are interacting with the video. This must be useful." And if you don't know what to cop uh what to comment, I've got a

[25:41]
Men in Black mug that I got from Universal Studios when I was quite young. Un there's no date on it. Men in Black Alien Attack 2005 is what this says. I don't know if that's when the film came out or when the mug was, but Men in Black mug if you're struggling. And um I'll see you on the very next one. Appreciate you getting involved as always. All the very best.
