Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6kIn15m1-A
Map: Border
Side: Defense

[00:00]
And boom. Hey up troops. A Littleton here again with another video. It's time to look at border and the setup for 2025. All the head holes, reinforcements, and rotates, feet holes, and everything else you need to know about how to defend border successfully. Now, a couple of things. Border is attackided, so it's a tricky map to defend. But if you can learn how to defend vertically and from above,

[00:20]
obviously that's what vertically means. It's going to be a lot easier. Second thing, a lot of these setups, you don't need to do everything on your own to set the site up. So, if you want to defend a certain area of a map, you'll watch the setup and go, "Okay, I actually want to defend office. How do I set up office?" You can just use that section. Don't feel I know a lot of people that watch these videos are obviously interested in

[00:41]
learning about siege and want to try and defend things properly, as they say. There's no right or wrong way, but there are definitely ways that will help you out, but don't feel that it's all on you to set the entire site up and you've got to memorize all of this. Ideally, each defender would look after a certain area of the map and would set that bit up themselves. So, don't get me wrong, it'll help your team if you put certain reinforcements and rotates in. But also,

[01:02]
if it's just you on your own, don't think, I need to learn all of this setup and do all of this setup on your own, cuz by the time you're going to be a minute and a half into the round, three of your teammates are dead and you're still reinforcing somewhere. So, just use sections of it if you need to. If you play with a stack, give your stack different sections. Even if you're in a two stack or three stack, you can give different people different sections to look after. It's something I thought

[01:22]
about because when I'm doing these setups, obviously I do everything myself here, but even when I play, I don't do all that on my own. There just isn't time. You've got to divide amongst your teammates. Anyway, that's enough waffling. Let's just get stuck into it. Right then, border top floor, armory archives. We're going to reinforce the two main armory walls. You can, if you want to reinforce just this left hand side, leave this right hand side soft

[01:43]
player, deployable shield, and be aggressive out onto the walkway. It can be a little bit tricky sometimes if you let the attackers get to this area here, open this wall. It can be a bit of a minefield to play around there. So, you can be a little bit more aggressive. It depends how confident you are. I would probably play a DMR if I was doing it and I would hold tight angles. The problem is you've got to be careful is not only have you got to watch sort of

[02:04]
angles like this and this and this. You've got all the repel angles that people can be on as well. So, it can work, but just go a little bit careful. Uh I always make a uh we're going to start this way and work our way across. By the way, I make a a hole here to watch anyone jumping in vents window towards the start of the round. Um, you used to get n from underneath here all the time. Obviously, that's not a thing anymore, but you can watch that there sometimes. Get a free kill. We've got feet holes all the way along this wall.

[02:26]
Please don't reinforce this wall. You see this all the time. Please don't reinforce this wall. All that will happen is the attackers, you'll open this breach this side and pretend that breach is open. So, you're just holding this angle here, stopping anyone coming from behind the lockers here or close here on this rubber mat. And if this is reinforced, all the attackers do is plant right on the door here. You can't

[02:46]
get an angle through here. You have to come all the way around to see the angle. And by the time you're here, you're dead to the brereech. It's a real nightmare to stop once they get the breach open. So, please don't reinforce that. Make few holes and then you can hold anyone walking through the door, even as far back as here or of course from here as well. So, please don't reinforce that. It'll cost you so many rounds. Sorry, I've got hay

[03:09]
fever really bad at the moment. The pollen count is incredibly high where I am. Bear with me a second. Oh, I should edit that out, but I'm not going to. Right. You've then got head holes here on the wall that goes between uh lockers or Africa over to um to archives here. And obviously the the east plant and the east rush is so much more common these days. Um but yeah,

[03:29]
keep the uh the holes at the top of here for throwing C4s over the top. You can go straight above the top if you want to there, but as you can see, the arc will hit the ceiling. It won't with a C4, but with a smoke, you'll hit the ceiling, whereas if you can get it over the top there, obviously you won't. If you throw a C4 over the top, it sort of the arc isn't as far. You could you can throw smokes way further than you can C4. So, if you throw a C4 over there, it will

[03:50]
land at the door roughly. Uh, by the way, when I was making the head holes, this is a mistake. Like this sort of the line that comes down here, you don't really want to be doing that. You don't want to give them an angle to be able to see through. Rotate here. Why do we have this rotate here? It's just so if you get caught in armory as say they plant armory and someone's holding you behind the bomb here, the only place you can come through is through that door.

[04:10]
Having that rotate here gives you another angle to attack from or well to retake from cuz you're on defense. But as opposed to just coming through here and having to take the fight from an angle here, an angle prone here, an angle behind the bomb, behind the locker there, behind the locker there, behind the locker here, Africa, behind on the window here, could be anywhere. U it gives you another opportunity to come through here crouched and then try and narrow the angles down as you go. this

[04:30]
side, that side, then that side, and work your way across. But it's a much easier approach coming crouch through here, using this as cover, and then popping up than it is just walking through this door. We've reinforced the back right wall and the rear wall of archives. I think we've shot the radio. We have shot the radio indeed. Uh I leave this wall soft. I leave this wall soft sometimes. I'll make the odd hole

[04:52]
here occasionally. You can see all the way out to balcony from here. But it means you can attack and aggress onto this side or watch fountain as they walk in. Most people, especially most attackers, are going to be walking in here. They're going to be walking around the door to get that angle behind the bomb. So, you can use this to aggress onto the double door. Um, obviously, it's soft, so don't take cover behind here whilst you're peeking this. Like, peek it and move if you have to. Then we

[05:13]
go over to the rest of office. We've reinforced the single wall. We've reinforced the triple wall. Um, this is a great spot here to play mute. You can mute off that double door. You can play here. And you can watch anyone coming in through our office window as well. And finally in office, we've opened the hatch and we've made one shotgun hole to see if anyone jumps through this window early doors. This is a very common thing for people to do. They think Talis is

[05:34]
going to be safe for some reason. Holding it from above here is a great way of getting a free pick at the start of the round. Also, it means if you're getting pushed heavily from the double door, you can try and back down the hatch if you need to try and get away. We've not made a rotate yet in fountain, but I will do now. This is my favorite place to play on the map when you're defending top floor is right here. So,

[05:54]
this area here is called Brazil. Uh, I just need to make some fields here quickly as well. So, what I really like doing and what a lot of people like doing as well is playing this area here with the rotate into fountain. And this is where it gets aggressive early on. If they especially if they're doing a security and armory push, if they're coming from the east side, then not so much. But from here, you can watch the CC window, CC door. You can even use these feet holes that we've just made to

[06:15]
watch if anyone walks past there. They won't see you, but you will see them. You can also hold the break room door from here. You can jump onto here and hold the break room door from here if you want to. And obviously from here you can also hold the brake balcony. But the beauty of it is it enables you to come through here. We've reinforced the 290 walls. It enables you to come through this rotate aggress onto top east if you

[06:36]
want to. I'll make a head hole here normally as well. Aggress onto top east if you want to from here or fight onto the break door and then come back through. There's just so much maneuverability. It's big. It's a big uh duck dip dive dodge dodge ball theory here. And then of course if they do push through the double door and you don't get them coming through the double door there, you can come through this rotate. Come through this rotate and then hold

[06:56]
into here as well. So a really solid place. Just be careful of this rotate. Your team needs to know it's here. If they don't know it's here, then I wouldn't make it. As long as you're sort of in a two or three stack, maybe then I would obviously if a five definitely. But being and you want your gunner here. I I'm not a gunner, but I just like playing it. It's a good challenge. But you want someone who's a decent someone probably playing Legion. Um so you can goo the window there. You can goo the

[07:18]
door over there. You can goo the great B great balcony window over there window break balcony door over there but you have got goo mines everywhere so as soon as you hear go off you get that audio alert like Melucian work there as well they both got shotguns too just be super careful when you're opening this rotate I always go prone when I do it just to be safe just go prone if you do it while you're standing up you'll be shooting

[07:38]
down through the wall and you may open this hatch and if you do open this hatch it's not the end of the world but playing around here all of a sudden gets trickier because you've got to watch below as well there's a door to office Yeah, just below that's the door to small office. So, not only have you got to watch below there as well, but whilst you're moving around trying to be in the sort of flow state, you've got to be careful you don't drop the hatch accidentally. And that is the top floor.

[07:59]
A couple of bits of information about vertical C4s over here on the main plant, default plant area on the door. This is soft. You can see this below. We'll go and look at that. And then also you can get a great little angle onto this window through this carpet um downstairs in workshop. Let's go and have a quick look at those. Let's just open this hatch so

[08:20]
we don't have to walk down. So there the holes we just made there. You can either stand on this uh wooden desk here and crouch and you can see the window or you can just stand up and throw C4 smokes through here if they're starting to push through that way. That's really useful. And over here on the default plant is right here. That's the door into armory. Can work well in the late round with a shotgun to just hold that from below. But of course, if this door's open,

[08:43]
the last thing you want to be doing is standing here towards the late round. If you're in a 1 v one, maybe if you're in a one v a 2v one, obviously fine. But if you're in like a 2v3 or anything like that, you don't want to be down here waiting while this door's open. You're an absolute walking uh sorry, a static target. The other bit of vert is just behind the bomb here, but that's over in bathroom. People tend to forget that. People tend to forget there's a a wall

[09:03]
here. So, if we let's just make a rotate so we don't have to go around. So that's where the the default plan would be behind the bomb if you were planted in archives. Uh it's over in bathroom. A lot of people forget and like try and sort of C4 here. That's a prox mine. Ignore that. Try and C4 here. The bomb is there. Obviously you can see the bomb so you shouldn't really get it wrong. But yeah, just through here the other side in bathroom is where that is. And

[09:23]
of course you've got the um office jumping as well. The window for office is here. You can watch that from below with a shotgun as well. You can use this hatch to drop late on if you wanted to if you get the pressure and then hold that window from below. But that's top four border. Really, really hard side to defend in my opinion because both pushes are valid. So the east push is good and

[09:43]
the west push is good. Uh and it it can be tricky to hold on to. In my opinion, it's an attacker side in map, but if you set up like that, you'll give yourself the best chance of winning. So we're on to bathroom and talis now. And what you need to know about this site is a lot of defending this site actually goes on away from the site. Um you don't really spend a lot of time in bathroom or talis if I'm brutally honest with you. you sort of defend a sort of onion strat

[10:04]
where you you have the layers outside of the site. I think this is one of the easiest sides to attack. Although if you defend it away from tight, it can be a bit easier. So, starting in bathroom, we've got to rotate here. We've got to rotate here between the two sides. We've got to rotate into workshop. The reason you have this one here is if you get caught this side of the stool, you can't get round to challenge the window

[10:25]
without being peaked from here. What will happen throughout the round is someone will open this window and they'll fire a load of shots through in this direction. It'll open an angle like this. And if you're here, you can't get around there without being able to go through there and ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch challenging from there, which is a way better angle of doing it than challenging really wide like this. It just gives you a bit more movement through the site without having

[10:46]
to expose yourself to that window. Also, if they drop the hatch and start planting there, which is a really common thing if you're on the workshop rotate, you can see them planting when they drop the hatch there. Also, if that happens to you, you've got the drone hole, which people always forget about. Someone drops the hatch and starts planting. You should be able to see their ankles through this uh drone hole here. Can you move that back? Yeah, you can move it back. Do that at the start of the round

[11:07]
if you you'll be able to see their ankles as the planting there. Uh going into workshop, rotate here. You could reinforce these two walls if you want to. So I wouldn't be against that at all. We'll rotate there. And then the head holes here to see the side window. Really important. Head holes there to see the window jumpings of talis. Really important. And head holes here to be able to see into move that screen.

[11:28]
Sorry. Head holes here to be able to see into lobby. Again, really important. But you can play way back here in workshop. We haven't done the hatch yet. You could do the hatch. That's so it depends who's playing upstairs, but we'll come to that shortly from here. And now if you I like to play castle here and castle off the doors and windows especially this door here in the corridor leading into this area here in workshop being able to hold one window two windows the hatch drop if

[11:50]
you can even open that up actually higher up and then open this and then all of a sudden from here now you can see if anyone drops the hatch as well which is great info. Uh also and maybe I wouldn't I'm just thinking about the the hatch drop that happens a lot. You could also just do that and then from here watch the hatch drop and then

[12:11]
stop the plan from here which would be incredibly useful actually. I never thought about that before. Uh people tend to just sort of reinforce this, me included. Sorry, just had to blow me nose again there. This hay fever is wild. Um so looking at the back end of workshop uh sorry server, we've reinforced all four of these walls at the back. You definitely want something on this wall like a prox mine or something like that.

[12:32]
The hatchable here is not overly important, but again, you got to sort of choose between reinforcing these two walls at the back or that hatch and this hatch. So, that's pretty much it. You spend most of your time defending around workshop. You're definitely going to need one person looking this direction and one person looking this way. Ideally, the guy looking this way has got an AOG. We then go over to tellers

[12:52]
and we've got feet holes here. The reason we've got feet holes here is for the default plant. This is the head holes that we saw before from over there. You can also see the site window from here if you need to. feet holes here to stop anyone planting in the default spots over there. If they were to jump through the towers window. So late round, if you're coming back to site and they're planting down in those corners there, you're going to be able to see them planting behind the bottom of those feet holes. As you can probably

[13:12]
tell, a lot of this setup is designed for not being on site and coming back to site later, which is what tends to happen with this side. You definitely want one or two people on site, but a lot of this is going to be playing retake. We then go upstairs uh to office armory uh sorry office archives area and here in office we've

[13:33]
reinforced the hatch. There's an argument to say if you played up here and really like putting your lives into staying up here that you could leave that soft and then drop if you need to later on and then play the hatch as we show down in workshop. I reinforce this wall and just use this wall as a bit of a cover onto the double wall. I would love to reinforce the triple wall, but we just don't have enough reinforcements in this unfortunately because you got to reinforce those four walls all the way

[13:54]
down in server room um at the far side. So, I've also done this one because this angle is super common once people have got armory. They tend to come through here and just start spraying over this direction. And that is exactly where the half wall is that I would be hiding behind uh or taking cover behind. I don't hide. I'm not a coward. Come on. But yeah, you get people just spraying through here a lot. Um, I don't reinforce this one because I don't

[14:15]
really spend much time like sort of playing here. And if you're being really cheeky, you can crouch here, get a little punch hole, and just watch into armory that way as well, which is a little bit cheeky. It does look a bit obvious, although border is one of the best maps for punch holes because the walls are already brown and that sort of area that goes brown on the outside. U Let me try and find a They're all going

[14:36]
to be the same texture walls, aren't they? Yeah, they um it looks less obvious in on border because the walls are already that sort of sandy brown color. I mean, it's obvious now we're looking at it, but you know, if you were down in archives, sorry, an armory and you'd just come through here and you're walking down this way. Do you think you'd notice that straight away? Uh maybe you would cuz we're talking about it, but I don't think you would. Uh you

[14:57]
don't really need to do anything with server over here and break room here. You can have like one roar here early doors to destroy a drone or two, but this side of the map sort of draw a line down the hallway here and everything this side of the map is what you want to be defending. You can make a little bit of vert for anyone pushing down late on if you want to. Hang on a minute.

[15:18]
That's the hallway down into waiting. So you can see down there. There's no vert for towers at all. You can't see into above, but you can see if anyone comes through that double door from waiting. And obviously vice versa if anyone comes through the the uh bathroom rotate late on. Although you'd have to be further back for that. Excuse me. Reload the shotgun. Come on.

[15:45]
That's the angle we want. Uh no, that's not the angle we want. Hang on a minute. Oh, there's a girder there. Okay. No, this is the angle we want. There's the bathroom door. Sorry. That's the That's the angle we want. There's the bathroom door. So, you can see anyone pushing down this hallway towards bathroom door and obviously the other way around as well. That was uh that took longer than I anticipated. This hatch, do you

[16:05]
reinforce this hatch? If you're playing workshop, I would probably say yes. And I think you probably should play workshop. Well, you sort of have to on this side, but yeah, I would probably reinforce this hatch and reinforce that hatch. And the people that play upstairs, you sort of know that you're going to be up here and probably going to lose your life, but it's just how long can you be up here, get the odd pick or two, waste as much time as you can before you force downstairs or you

[16:26]
die. But that is bathroom talis. And oh, we haven't talked about one of the reinforcements over here, which is this one as well. Um, don't just let them book a sledge through here because they they go right into cover behind here. So yeah, got to reinforce that one. This one not as important because it can be seen by a ton of different places, but that one sort of tucked away. Always make sure you reinforce that as well. So

[16:48]
that's it. You can also get the like we talked about on the previous site, if you are in bathroom, you can hold that jump in below for office for the office single window. Yeah, I do like the site although I do think it's an easy site to attack. Definitely want to be watching out for this hatchrop and the uh the walk-in towers later on though. And so the next site is downstairs here in ventilation and workshop. The ventilation being the room here. This is

[17:09]
actually called server room. if you look down at the compass and only when it gets to about this line here do we swap over to workshop. Um so yeah it's sort of separated by this wall you can see here and this door that hasn't got anything in the frame but anyway um starting with vents suppose we'll start over here and we make a rotate in the corner but we make a hole further to the right as well. We'll come on to that in a second. We reinforce this wall. Reason

[17:30]
being is what you'll find a lot of attackers doing is standing outside this window and just spraying through this uh this wall. It can end up cutting off quite a lot of the sight. um you know if you were stood here behind this wall anything like this you could also if you wanted to reinforce this wall the only thing is it gives them then two reinforced walls to plant up against um and having these feet holes here is really useful for if somebody walks in

[17:52]
vents and you're here um so yeah over in vents I only reinforced one wall if you wanted to reinforce this one to be double safe so they couldn't just fire on this angle here I don't think you'd be a million miles away from being bob on but for me I just like keeping that one soft cuz I like the feet holes um then we go into server hatch open again. We'll go upstairs and we'll go over that in a second. Um, and

[18:13]
then towards the back of workshop, we've got to rotate into bathroom and we've reinforced the back two walls of bathroom. So, what we're doing here is essentially extending workshop into bathroom. So, rather than reinforcing here and having this as sort of the last line of the defense of the site, we extend it out to there. But then, of course, we've got to think about the hatch. We've got to think about this door as well. Um, back in workshop, we got the hatch soft. Again, I'll talk

[18:34]
about everything that's above when we go above in a second cuz they much like the uh bathroom teller site. This also relies on defending above quite a bit. You've got the two uh walls here that go into what we call blue um reinforced as well. Um and then we'll go upstairs. Oh, and this one, sorry, from supply. This is the same reason as why we reinforced this wall uh but just a different angle.

[18:55]
If this wall is soft, you can imagine if someone's in supply, they can cut off all the way from supply all the way back here. If you're ever attacking this site and someone doesn't reinforce that wall, go and play book or play someone like Ash or someone and open that wall and you can like you look how far back into workshop you can hold from just being in supply. So the defenders just get a line cut through the side for them. It's not nice to play against. So I always

[19:16]
reinforce that. Then we go upstairs. Oh, you by the way, if you wanted to, you can jiggle these reinforcements around and reinforce jail cuz it's such an easy entry point for attackers. It means they don't have to walk through a door. You know, they just play book and open this up early door. So if you wanted to jiggle the reinforcements and reinforce these two, I wouldn't be against that either to be honest with you, especially in higher elo. So we come upstairs um to

[19:37]
armory. We've reinforced the two armory walls and we've reinforced the wall at the back of office. And that's because there's a window on the other side. So again, we don't just want attackers opening. Oh, shoot the radio. I can't believe I haven't done that. We don't just want attackers sitting on this window spraying a hole through this uh wall here. Then all that's going to do is if we run around this side is give

[19:58]
them a line of sight all the way through again through the top floor. Just splitting in half completely. Makes it a bit of a nightmare to defend. So when we're upstairs, we've got the server hatch open. Always feet holes here for the brereech. Again, much like when we're defending upstairs, similar sort of theory. Defending um upstairs, you've got to open this hatch. The attackers don't really get a lot from you opening

[20:18]
this hatch. Like they don't really get a good angle on much. You can't really you can maybe see that door, but you can't really see much at all. Um, obviously they can drop the hatch, but that's kind of what you want them to do late round because you want to force them down a choke point and you can just hold the hatch. But always open that one. The workshop hatch on is another question. I think it's better open because I prefer defending from above. However, if you

[20:39]
then lose above, if you lose control above, you've got both hatches open for them and it is a bit easier. So, if you wanted to reinforce this one in lower ranks, no offense, and I have to be brutally honest because the game is different, lower down the ELO ladder, I would reinforce this lower down the ELO ladder. Um, like if you were in sort of like sort of bronze, copper, bronze, silver, gold, when you get to sort of

[21:01]
plat, I would think about opening this, but anything else, I would probably reinforce that. Otherwise, you're giving the attackers a little bit too much, and you've got to sort of rely on yourself staying alive above um to quote the BGs, staying alive, right? Couple of holes to look at from below from above even. Sorry. Is that's the vents door from the if I can show you on the default cam here. Actually, default this one. So

[21:22]
that's the front door just there. And this is the door that looks at ventilation. Great for holding late on. The thing is these holes are great, but usually this breach is probably going to get opened if they attack above. Again, high reload will definitely do that. Um, this will look at vents window from here. So you can just hold the vents window from from below. Why do I keep saying below? You can hold the vents window from above. Obviously, you could

[21:43]
walk hold the walk into sewer from the hatch, which is really, really useful as well. And then back here, you've got the hatch to look at. You can make an easier line of sight if you want to watch that bathroom rotate from this side or from that side, depending on which way you want to look at it. And also just a generic line of sight. Let's do it there. Actually, that's better to look at the back corner of workshop cuz

[22:05]
this is quite a common plan spot later on. Uh, but that's pretty much it. Again, much like bathroom talas, you don't really need to do anything above or anything below. When it comes to this side, that side of the map, I draw a line down here again and everything that side, you don't really need to do anything with it. Um, this is why I mean, I'll talk about it on the next site actually. But the reason the custom

[22:26]
site isn't very good is cuz to defend above, you've got to defend server cuz that the site is um like below here. And to defend this room, look how open it is. There's no cover anywhere. Compare that to trying to defend around here. Look at all the cover around here. Trying to defend around here. Look at all the cover around here. Much easier to defend above here than it is over on server. That's why the other

[22:47]
side's not great. Um, yeah, that's about it really. One thing I'm I don't see people doing, which is a great angle on attack. If this hat if this wall is soft and the hatch is open, you can open a bit of that wall, open the door, and you get a really really nice angle from behind the bomb here, which is where people will often hang around. You get a really nice cut off through workshop by

[23:07]
just being on this angle instead of being on here where you can't see as far back. You can be, excuse me, I'm trapped on here. You can be outside here holding a really nice angle into workshop holding the cut off between this door here. Um, and that's it really. Make sure you hold above. Look out for the common plant spots. Obviously, you could also look at making dirt around here as

[23:29]
well cuz there's another common plant spot behind that table which is there. And again, the same this side of the table. Excuse me. I'll have to reload briefly. The other side of the table, which is there as well. The uh these videos must be costing smoke an absolute fortune and shotgun pallets cuz I'm going through 4050 uh a clip here. But yeah, that's

[23:49]
the the vent site. Not as good as bathroom um in my opinion. But it's not it's better than customs. It's a damn site better than customs, which we'll go on to next. So on to customs then and supply. First thing we'll do is shoot the speaker. We don't get to say speaker very often, right? Then we'll start over in jail, I think, and work our way across. We reinforce the two jail walls. Remember, this is soft above. So, trying

[24:11]
to keep this uh this wall like closed throughout the round is pretty tough going cuz you can just open that and nade over the top. Be super careful of some absolute rats, especially book and sledge players that will repel outside, make a hole in this, and then just sit on a repel angle looking at this or looking at that. You've got to be super careful. If you see that that's open, there's probably someone going to be on

[24:32]
repel there. You can even make a punch hole in it if you're a complete rat. So, just be careful. Um, over here in supply, we've made fear holes all the way across this wall. I never used to do this. I used to reinforce a couple of these, but then I thought, well, you can't really get an angle from this window particularly well. Like, you can in vents like we talked about. So, you like there is the only one. Can't really

[24:53]
get a great angle. And as a defender, how often are you realistically going to be in this room? You're not you're not going to be holding from this room. You might have bobbing ear toward the window every now and then, but you're not going to be stood like anywhere really near here trying to defend this way. Um, if if you're if you've been pushed back into this room, the sight's already probably lost. We have a rotate here just so we're closer to the door, so we

[25:13]
don't have to go all the way around just so if you do need to get in and out of here, you can sort of go in there. You can bob around that way. You can hold the fees down towards the double door down there if you need to. This is a a key place to play here in uh in in small office or customs desk as it's called. Everyone calls it, small office. Um, we've reinforced the hatch above it. We'll go upstairs in a minute and talk about that. We've got the right side of this reinforced and the back wall of

[25:34]
this reinforced. And we've got the window we can peek out towards waiting on. We can see the window over here towards the uh passport reinforced walls which will quite often be opened. And we've got head holes here to look towards jail if anyone wants to come in through jail. Got the window and the door there. And you can also use this hole above that I've made to throw smokes over towards those passport double doors. Um, and also if you want to, you can obviously throw smokes that

[25:56]
way as well. All of these feet holes are going to give you great info if anyone jumps in the supply window, which again is a super common thing to do. One of the best angles you can hold to stop that from happening is here. You can see the supply window jumping from here. You can also, if you want to make a hole higher up and if you're completely free upstairs, you can now hold the window from above. Obviously, standing here late in the round there is pretty

[26:17]
dangerous. This 90 is one of the most common places for anyone to be found. But these are all ways that you can help yourself. That's not going to help the attackers at all. Like an attacker isn't going to jump through that window. Bear with me. An attacker isn't going to jump through this window and start looking up these stairs. It's just not going to do it. He's going to jump through the window and be worried about what's going on over here. And at this

[26:37]
point, you can either fry him from the feet holes from that head hole or even from the small office feet holes that I've made. So, over to the other side of passport. We've made feet holes for the passport walk-in, which is here. Playing around. Get rid of the radio. Playing around here isn't a bad shout at the start of

[26:57]
the round because people will try and walk in passport pretty quickly. Feel like I can't see their reinfor I can now. I can just see the pins there. I thought you'd normally see a pin from there. Hang on a minute. Yeah. Okay, fine. I thought that pin would be further down. Okay, I'm not losing my mind. Let's just nip upstairs. Like I said when we were talking about the vent site, this site is even harder to hold because border relies on a lot

[27:19]
of vertical hold to make um defending successful. Whereas, if you're upstairs here, all the vertically you can hold from here is is so difficult to do because you've got a door here, a window here, and a door here, and no cover in the middle. It's not like an office where you've got like bookcases and things to hide behind. You've got nothing here apart from this one area. Now, over here, we have made the same

[27:39]
rotates that we've made when we're defending the top floor, just so you can defend this for a little while. If you want to, you can make those same Fholes here as well if you want. I've got one more shotgun shell left. Um, and you can hold those feet holes here and then you can move out of here, push back this way if you need to. Um, but just be careful. This rotates maybe isn't necessary, but I'll put it in just in case. This one definitely is. So, you can get out of

[28:00]
here and get away if you need to. Um, but I would definitely recommend starting by defending at least one or two people up here in server, CCTV, whatever you want to call it. Security room according to the compass. Um, we've also made vert here for the passport walkin. That's the passport door there. We made the feet holes. I don't know if I'm going to be able to see them. Probably not. Not quite. Oh, you can just see them there. They're the feet

[28:22]
holes that Oh, excuse me. They're the feet holes that we made on the other side. Um, but playing here is what I do a lot. If you ever watch me stream twitch.tv/ittleton, I'm available now. Um, you'll have seen me hide in here because people don't drone it. They drone in from break room and just go around here and they don't ever loot there. The only problem is if you do get drone, you are kind of pinched. But that's the um customs and

[28:44]
supply site. I'm not a big fan. You also need someone to be playing in this direction, by the way, and they can also hold. You know, we talked about that wall the other way around. Well, now we can do the opposite thing as a defender. We can now hold into supply from here if we need to. But you definitely need someone here um in uh in in workshop and servers as well. I would probably play like one

[29:05]
small office. Probably play one just floating around jail and supply, but don't stay here. You play at the start of the round. Get a few drones out of this drone hole and then move back. Maybe probably one or two in in customs. I know one in customs probably uh two above and then one over in workshop is what I would probably start with. Um but yeah, it's it's not an easy side to defend. All of this ceiling is soft. So

[29:27]
if they take a ram, they can just open a decent chunk of that ceiling. They can plant anywhere in here. Obviously, of course, they could plant and supply as well, but hopefully these fetals would stop that from happening. Not one of my least favorite sides to play to be honest. It's just not fun. It's there's angles everywhere. It's really tough to defend as a uh as a defender. I was going to say then obviously it's not going to be tough to defend as an attacker. Don't forget you can C4 and

[29:48]
smoke over the top of these walls if you hear someone in Passport as well. So there we have it. Border for 2025. One of the modernized maps that came out with CJX. We didn't really talk about map ingredients in that too much, but I don't think they're as prevalent in border as they are in bank and callbacks. But anyway, there we go. Hopefully that'll give you some uh some pointers in the right direction to give you an advantage when defending border. As I said at the beginning of the video,

[30:09]
it's definitely attacker siding. So, don't get too beat up if you're uh if you're not winning as many defenses as you do on other maps. I am going to make a couple of attacking videos, how to attack border in the coming days. Don't worry about that. In the coming days, it's not going to be the coming days. In the coming weeks, maybe. Um, thanks as always for getting involved with the channel. I really, really appreciate it. I can't stress enough how much I mean that. I really do appreciate it. There's

[30:29]
been a lot more sort of comments recently, which really helps boost the um boost the channel, and I'm really grateful for that. Pressing that like button. And where's the camera like button? Which is that side of the video, I think, depending whether you're on mobile or not. I don't know. Just press that thumbs up. If you didn't like it, don't press the thumbs up. But if it's helped, press the thumbs up cuz it doesn't cost you anything. It takes literally 0.5 of a second and it really

[30:50]
helps the video boost up in uh YouTube's algorithm. So, thank you ever so much for getting involved with the channel and I'll see you next time. All the very best.
