Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf3AthSTIDQ
Map: Calypso
Side: Defense

[00:00]
And boom. Hey, up troops. I'll turn here again with another video. They say the dealer always wins. Well, make sure you're the dealer and set up Calypso Casino right defensively and then you'll always win or give yourself a better chance of winning anyway. It's time to look at the defensive setup for Calypso Casino. I've played enough games now where I've got a decent grasp of the map. I have got one controversial take that I think the top four is absolutely

[00:21]
I don't think you should play it personally. That's just my decision or my opinion. So, we'll go through every site, every reinforcement you need to do, every rotate you need to do, line of sight, hard walls, feet holes, vertical angles, etc., etc., etc. Starting with the top floor. That's enough waffling. Let's just get stuck into it. Let's get started with the top floor first and which for the record I think is the worst site on Calypso at the

[00:43]
minute. Everyone's playing it the most because it's the easiest to learn cuz the top floor has got half the lobby that you can't go on top the lobby if you know what I mean. So, there's less to learn. A lot of people are playing the top floor first. I think this is the worst site, but we'll start here. We'll fire reinforcements. One, two on the main breach there in kitchen, the right-hand side of the barista wall or the left-hand side of the pool wall as

[01:05]
you look at it. Three and then four and five is the pool walls that both look out to lobby. Now, there's an argument to leave one of those soft so you can fight out into lobby. I don't think that's a great idea at the minute because it leaves longer angles for attackers to just cut off parts of the site. So, I don't think that's a good idea at the minute. Couple of things about the rotates that I've made. The rotate on the right side of the pool

[01:25]
wall, try and make it as small as you can on the left-hand side to limit the amount of like angle that an attacker will have. If they get this area here on barista and the rotate goes like that I mean just going to do this. This is what you shouldn't do. And the rotate goes out like this, the attackers have now got a lot more of the site that they can cut off here as opposed to if you just had a tiny little rotate on the left-hand side

[01:46]
here and they then get to this part, they aren't going to be able to cut off anywhere near as much as the site. So, make a tiny little rotate down on the left side. Make it tidy though. Give it a test so you can get in and out. That's another thing, by the way. Always make your rotates tidy. Don't leave like little bits sticking up so people can get stuck on them or don't give the game an excuse to like bug out when you're trying to get through the rotate. So,

[02:06]
yeah, tiny little rotate down on the left-hand side. Don't make it on the right-hand side because this, in my opinion, is the ideal plant spot for the attackers in behind the bar here. So, make sure they've got a cross without the bar for cover like coming in here, they've got no cover. Whereas coming in if the rotate was this side and they come in, they've got the cover to fight behind. Over here in kitchen,

[02:27]
reinforce the two walls. Try and hold onto this as long as you can. If you've got Kaid and two bro available, absolutely Kaid two bro trick this wall. You can also get freebies from this drone hole when people go to the tequila door. You can get ankles out there. I don't know if you ever watch me streams or straw but also streams as well. Straw bro six on Twitch is an absolute wizard at getting kills from here. She's got like five or six in the

[02:48]
time that I've been playing with her. On this wall here, so next to kitchen going into into cigar, you want to make a rotate state of vault rotate on the the left-hand side of the wall from cigar, right-hand side of the wall from kitchen. This is a single wall so you can't reinforce the other side. I might have made the this rotate a bit too big on the left-hand side here because now if you're on the breach, you've got a lot more of the area you can cut off.

[03:09]
Again, similar to the rotate we made in brister, make it kind of tight to the right-hand side here. But, this bar here in cigar is bulletproof. It's got a like a it's a metal lined. If I open this up, you'll see what I mean. You see that it's got metal sort of um What do you call it? Covered walls, cabinet walls. So, you can play behind this to and use it to

[03:30]
your advantage um all the way around that um that cigar uh bar there. Over here in humidor, we've got a rotate on the right-hand side. Again, a small one. You can reinforce the left side if you want although I don't really think it does a massive amount. We've then got a couple of small feet holes over towards fish stairs. Reason for that is if someone comes up fish, as they come up the stairs and they

[03:50]
start walking around this way. At this point here now, you're seeing their feet way back before they see you at before they see you. So, if you're here and the side here, you're going to see their feet here on an angle that they're never going to see you. So, really useful to be able to stop fish. This window is problematic cuz if there's an attacker on this window just holding Let me just jump outside.

[04:11]
Holding this angle, it completely cuts off fish stairs. So, you can't go beyond this window as it stands in the way I've set the side up. You could maybe put a rotate here and then you could get in and out of this side without worrying about that window. Excuse me. I've just had a kind of cherry Pepsi Max and it's come right back up.

[04:33]
&gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um yeah, that window is problematic. You've really got to watch out for this. If attackers know what they're doing and they know they're safe to hold this angle, they know you can stop anyone coming back to side. Over on the pool side of things. So, that's we've covered kitchen, barista, cigar, humidor. Over in the bar side of things, first things first, shoot the jukebox. There's also some speakers to shoot as well. Awesome.

[04:59]
Whilst I'm thinking about the the jukebox, there's a nice little angle you can get standing on there. Wait. Music started again. You can get a nice little angle, shoot the lobby speakers. Nice little angle here, shoot out above the the door the

[05:21]
sort of This is a soft wall, by the way. You can absolutely shoot through this. Just stand on the jukebox. Now, you can see over there. Oh, excuse me. You can see over the top of that door over through into the sort of lobby area there. Um this is an area of the map that I the way I set it up, I don't know if everyone will do this. And I might make another video in a few months time to say that this isn't the right setup, but

[05:42]
I think this area here going between pool, between cigar, between fish, as we're calling it. This sort of that one, two, three is a massive power point for defenders because from this area you can see everything in the site and you've also put in the rotate here means you can get around almost everywhere super quick.

[06:04]
The the maneuverability around there with that rotate is massive. Just the thing is I I've I potentially left too many walls off in the way that I set this up. I feel like if you lose anything if you got some defending fish and they die to this window early on and then attackers gain this area of the map having a rotate there and this door open it there's a lot of vulnerability. But I

[06:25]
think this part this position here is such a power position especially playing smoke. You can hold the rotate back there that we made earlier on. You can smoke off the bar if they're trying to plant. You can do the same from the breach here. There's so much maneuverability but because there's so much maneuverability and there's so many angles that you can cover you can die to so many angles as well and you've got to watch out for that. This is then into the lobby. Uh by the way, this is such a

[06:47]
common place that people are coming into the map over here at this door at coat check that a couple of cap can traps here work very very well with this pipe. Well, because this is a like an area that is only um what's the right phrase? Only challengeable from one angle here this door that attackers are just coming and putting a drone here in the prep phase and they know they can get into the map pretty much safely by only if they know

[07:08]
this area is clear they know they can come through that door. It's a really popular way to come in. Stick a cap can trap on that there. Watch that pipe below. Back into the site then. Um the attackers are usually going to try and plant behind the bar here or behind the um the bar the the cigar bar here. Um but this is the way I set it up. I think

[07:29]
playing a smoke is vital and I think smoke playing around this area here like I said you're doing a little circle around here there's every angle you need to cover on the site can be covered from here. It's a really really solid place. The The only other thing the reason I think it's not a great site is because Barista, this room here, is so important to hold, but it's almost impossible to hold because you can't vault up on this

[07:50]
here. So, you can't see over the top of this, but you've got a really popular way into the map there and a really popular way into the map there and not a lot of chance of getting out once this breach is open here. The only way out of here once the breach is open is back through this rotate. So, I'm considering playing this area like some of the other areas we play where you sort of hold on to it

[08:10]
for as long as you can then come back and reinforce this wall. So, maybe a bit of, you know, like elbow and Oregon type thing. I think that is is is an option, but this is somewhere that you've got to hold on to for as long as you can. But, there's so many angles. So, like you wouldn't shoot Once you get pushed out of here, you can't go that way cuz the breach is probably open. And yeah, there's a popular way to tequila and into lobby there in Barista.

[08:33]
It's It's an almost a nightmare place to play. I mean, playing smoke with a shield is probably a good shout, but I haven't quite figured out the best shield placement yet really either. I mean, you could put it here, then you can watch tequila and then anyone pushing from the breach, but then you've got to worry about this as well. I haven't really found a a shield placement yet that I think's perfect. I think more people tend to come from

[08:54]
this way than they do from tequila. A really nice thing to do by the way on attack, let me just go out with a different wind Let me go out this door just so I don't break the other window. On attack, if you've got a DMR or an ACOG, you come to this window and just pop out the bottom like this and then hold that door across the way. And what you'll typically find is if the

[09:14]
attacker is coming from this side of the map, you're going to get a defender that peaks this door nearly all the time. You get a freebie, especially with a DMR, it's a really easy shot from there. So, yeah, that's top floor for me. Bit of a nightmare. I think it favors attackers. It's Oh, I haven't talked about this rotate here. Rotate behind the bar and a head hole here to be able to fire onto the breach if they come through this rotate and vice versa, you'll be

[09:35]
able to fire onto the mini bar if they come through that rotate. It just gives you a bit more flexibility with being able to cover both sides. Where do you play around here? I mean, Billy oh, this is what I've been doing with the shield by the way. I've been putting the shield here. And then if they push this side, you can play the shield higher up, which is helpful. And then you can also then turn around and play it this way depending which side they're pushing from there as well. Obviously, if you're playing here

[09:57]
and stood up fighting that way, you can't stand here cuz that head or you're going to get toasted. The shield on the pool table here has been really solid for me. I'd say you can cover both sides and then come around this side if the attack comes from the other side. This is this is the bit you want to really learn on learn on. You want to a fly on my screen, sorry. You really want to practice holding down this this sort of three point a square three point at one

[10:19]
two three here is absolutely solid. In fact, the shield here would probably go well. I've just tried to put another shield down. I'm not sure if I put it down. Well, that's top floor. I don't think it's very good. I think it's too easy to attack. I think there's just not a lot of space because if you think about it, one of the reasons that people like playing top floor or like attacking top floor or the reason they like defending top floor rather, sorry, is because it's

[10:39]
easy to learn because all this area in lobby here, there's no rooms here, is there? You think about downstairs and basements, there's more rooms to think about and to worry about. You don't have that on the top floor here. There's less to think about and less to learn. But as a defender, where do you play? Is it you can't play here because you got the skylight repels. You got that window that I've literally just talked about.

[11:00]
You got the door there. You got the door here and you got a window here and window here as well. You can't play out in lobby. You can't really play here either because of the easy windows from here and the door from there. You then, if you play in pool, this is your next best bet, but we're already in sight. And as I've said a few times in Siege, your best way of defending a site is starting further out and then slowly

[11:21]
coming back. You can play around this area here. This is a solid place. And then this is a solid place. But you can't really play in barista for a long either. You're going to get flushed out of here quite quickly, and then where's your next place? Well, now I'm back inside already. So, within like a minute, if they brought a Ying and a Grim, and they Grim and Ying this area here, and then push with a Blitz or a a

[11:42]
Blackbeard, you can't stand here. You've got to go back. And now you're now tucked back inside, like three or four players all bundled in two rooms where the attackers just swarming on you with loads of utility left. It's I don't rate it personally. I think a lot of people are playing it cuz it's the easiest one to get your head around, but I I don't think you I think basement's best. Then bar betting, then bar job poker,

[12:02]
then top floor. If it was up to me, I'd never defend the top floor ever again. Right then, we're on to basements, and this is one of those sites where I don't think anyone's ever going to agree on the best reinforcements to use. I've left two in the pool. I'll show you what I've done, and then we'll have a quick discussion about where to do where to go and what to do. So, first, there are six reinforcements that you have to use in my opinion. The two

[12:24]
on the vault wall, one, two. Then two on the yellow wall, one, two. And then two on the green external wall, which is over here, one, two. Now, we've then used uh a reinforcement on

[12:45]
this side of the green wall. Reason being is the um this area here is a pretty solid plant spot, so you've got you can tuck in behind the counter here to watch from this area and from that rotate. The only area you have to worry about there is yellow door, and the uh typically, you can have somebody holding an angle like this onto yellow door, or what will usually happen is this will either be breached,

[13:06]
or you can have someone here holding onto yellow door from here. Um typically though, this will be hard breached, and you can just hold yellow door from this angle on the other side of the reinforcement just here, and then you can hold yellow door from there. Um then we've also um what we got, eight left? What have I What have I used? Oh, in the bathroom hatch, sorry, that's the other one. So, we've got

[13:27]
yellow wall, vault wall, green wall, which is six, seven, eight. Now, there's another external wall which we haven't yet reinforced, which is over here on the other side of server through lockers, which is here. Now, the thing with this wall, I don't think it's worth using two reinforcements on this wall, and I'll show you why.

[13:48]
Outside here is purely repel space only. So, if an attacker wants to come through this wall, they've got to repel and then repel into this sort of little whatever you want to call that here, and and then come through that wall. It's a tricky place to get into the map. I don't think that's worth um I don't think that's worth reinforcing

[14:08]
personally. Let me just do something here that I've forgotten to do when it comes to the setup. Lovely. And then uh we've got two more reinforcements to use. There's an argument to use this one here, which I think is I'd say an argument I think this one should be done. And then we've got one more. The with the one more reinforcement, you can

[14:30]
either get the hatch that's in elevator, which is just over here, or you could use one on the um this wall here perhaps, although I don't think you should do that. Um or another wall around the map. But they're they're the nine I think you should do. So, green wall, vault wall, yellow wall, this right-hand side wall

[14:51]
here from cash or green as I just keep calling it in cash, um and then the bathroom hatch. They're the nine that I think you should do personally. Now, just before we talk about rotate, in fact, no, let's talk about rotates now quickly. So, you've got the rotate here in green because you don't want to just give free reign to getting into green. I keep saying green, that isn't green. Green's there. This is

[15:12]
Is this managers? Managers, yeah. You don't want to just give free reign to get into managers and then get into cash. By reinforcing these two walls, the attackers can be literally outside the site within 40 seconds. So, you've got to challenge cash momentarily. Now, the thing with cash is there's full ceiling air full ceiling destructible ceiling everywhere. You got the green stairs, the breach to worry about, and

[15:33]
once you've sort of been forced out of here, there's very little chance of you getting this back. So, one thing I think you should do is you want at least one person to start around upstairs, should open the green hatch. Okay, uh got to stop calling it green, manager's hatch. And then play around this area. This is going to be a busy place to come in. Most people are coming down to killer stairs and then coming around and then down green. Well,

[15:54]
obviously if they're coming that way, then a lot of the other players are going to yellow and vault wall. Um not many are using lockers, which is why I don't think it's also worth reinforcing. But, from here, there's a lot of things you can affect. You can watch the manager's breach, uh and you can also watch the green stairs, and you can hold a little like delay, get a few drones as they come down to killer. You can then you if this wall isn't open, you can use this as a

[16:15]
way of getting out. Um something else to consider, by the way, is one thing that and then go around this way, and as long as this breach isn't open, that there is vertical for the stairs. So, if anyone comes wants to come down the stairs, you can hold this with a shotgun and make easy through the wall or through the floor. You can also pre-place C4s there with a Valk, which is really strong. So, I think you have

[16:36]
to be upstairs momentarily. There are a lot of the common ways to attack this site at the minute are through this yellow wall here and through this vault wall here. With this vault wall, I recommend playing a Jager around here because with this being destructible above, all it takes is that and a and a a nade over the top. Um and it's going to destroy any wall denial on there. So, if you are going to try and bandit trick this, you need a Jager ADS or two to

[16:57]
protect you from the nade coming over the top. The uh same again with um with this wall, although this is less prominent to be naded over. One of the areas that I think is probably the strongest to hold down is this area right here in service. Reason being is you can hold into vault, and you can see four over the top or smoke over the top. But, a key area to hold here, and then also the yellow wall from

[17:19]
this angle here, and then you can also hold across into where they're going to come around from vault. And he's then made that punch hole just now as you make a little foot hole. And you can get a little punch hole through a couple of walls over to anyone coming around the side of vault. As you can see, that's the boxes from vault there, so it's a bit of a a rat angle. I've got quite a few kills from there. Um you definitely need something on the locker stairs to give you some

[17:40]
information if anyone's coming down. I don't think this is worth reinforcing. But this is a really really powerful Not in here, sorry. In here. This is a really really strong position to play. I've also had some success using a shield here, and then just holding through these head holes behind the shield. Similar sort of thing with a shield right here as well. And you can hold onto that. Problem is Oh, didn't mean to

[18:00]
do that. If that yellow wall gets open, it's a minefield. There's There's a lot of places in basement where you've sort of I think you've got to take the fight to the attackers a little bit because if you sit inside, if the yellow wall gets open, the vault wall gets open, all of a sudden you can't you can't really be here. You can't really be anywhere in here, and you can't really be here, and all of a sudden these two rooms are now

[18:20]
completely clear. It's It's a tricky place to play. The things you really think about here is near enough all the ceiling is um destructible here in CCTV, but over in vault, none of the ceiling is is is destructible. So, you've you've got nothing to worry about for vert from here, but just be careful of people making vert here, which is behind the bar upstairs.

[18:42]
Cuz people do that, and then as you're walking between sides, you're having a look at what's going on. And you can't even see the vert here, but at this point, they can clearly see way more like probably slightly more than your waist as well. You know, you're holding onto the the green door here. I keep saying everything over that side of mine's green to me. You're holding onto this door here, which I think is called arsenal, is it that? Or armory?

[19:03]
Weapon cache, whatever. Same thing, ain't it? Armory. Um you're holding into weapons. And you can't even see that verse and bang, you're dead. So, yellow side little tip is to make a shotgun hole on the left side of this wall here. You can now hold That's frustrating, isn't it? Hang on a minute.

[19:24]
You can now hold through the the elevator door as opposed to just holding this one angle here. So, as the attacker comes down, you know, he's worried about this, worried about this, worried about that, and you're there. I don't think it's worth reinforcing this either cuz I don't think this gives you a great deal as an attacker. You know, if they open that hatch, I don't think it's a great place for an attacker. It's just really easy to come through the yellow door anyway, so

[19:45]
stopping anyone dropping that elevator isn't a massive deal. Then over here, we've got a rotate between CCTV and vault checkpoint or just checkpoint as I'm starting to call it or CP, maybe that would be a better call. A little head hole here to watch in the walk in from yellow or the walk in from weapon cache. And this punch hole has probably gotten me five or six kills so far. Like people swing through this door

[20:07]
from yellow. And they the first thing they'll see is the head hole. And at that point, they're dead from the the punch hole that you're holding below. Little rat angle, but I like it. You can also make a hole slightly higher up. You can like C4 over the top as well. Uh that's also worth thinking about for this wall. You can do the same as the vault from

[20:27]
here as well depending on as you hear them pushing through. Launch that over there. See that's landed just on the corner of where they're going to swing through from here. They come through the breach and they go, "Oh, where where are they?" Boom, that just then appears from over the top of there. I don't I think the map designers should take the vault This vault is um not great cuz it does give an angle over

[20:47]
the top of there, but this one needs to be taken out in my opinion cuz the angle that attackers get now is far too strong. Like being able to Don't Don't do this as a defender, but being able to like hold an angle like this as an attacker is insane. So, yeah, I don't think you should be able to get on the top of there. So, in short, that I I also, by the way,

[21:09]
if you lose green massively and you've got the time, I reckon if you can get back in and reinforce this if you've got one left. But, you can't give up I can't call it green again. You can't give up cash too soon. If they open the the manager's wall and then they're in cash within a minute or so, you're probably going to lose the round. You've got to hold got to hold out there. Problem is with this

[21:30]
site is it's so vast. There's so many entry points for def- for attackers. They could open the vault wall or the yellow wall and you're still over here in green worrying about green and they're already here. Like there's so many if attackers put it's a bit like Valorant and CS where if like typically you'll have like more attackers pushing one side to try and over you know if you've got four attackers pushing two people holding a

[21:51]
side they're going to overwhelm them. I feel like this side's a little bit like that. Um where if if you have a you know four attackers push through vault and yellow, the one person that's hanging around here is going to get overwhelmed quite quickly. So, I think it's quite a tricky um place to play, but I definitely think it's the better side if you play it right. But, that's the way I set this up uh in in a dream world. We've still got

[22:11]
a reinforcement spare. You can use it on one of the hatches that you wouldn't normally reinforce if you want to. Um you can even reinforce this side of the wall, but I still don't think that's a great idea cuz it Leaving this side soft gives you this punch hole this head hole. Also enables you to fire through here as well for that breach as long as no one on the yellow door, obviously. Um also there's a lot of places on this side to change your level. So, you can

[22:32]
get up and you know someone's pushing in from yellow, you can hold from here as opposed when they swing around they're going to look for this and you're already up there. There's loads of different places to vault up on here. You can do it here as well. Um so um keep the rotator or whatever. There's loads of different places to change your level on this side. All these different things to vault on top

[22:52]
of. And the good thing about changing your level is Siege players are typically trained so well like in the mind to keep their crosshair at head height. The minute someone's higher, it's it becomes a really challenging fight. Or you can get a shield on here. Play that towards yellow. I also wish these CCTV cameras were live. Imagine if they were live and you could

[23:13]
just have one person watching all these screens. Like how many camera Do you have any default cameras you've got? That'd be wild. Yeah, I I think this is my favorite site. Um but I do think if you don't set it up right and if you don't defend right, then it's quite easily overcome by attackers. But I think this is way better than top floor. Let me know what you think. So coming to Blackjack and poker, and I'm I'm still on the fence

[23:34]
about what's the next best site after basement. Blackjack bo- poker boker or bar betting and I'm I'm on the fence. I do like Blackjack poker, but I think bar betting might be better. But anyway, I think they're much of a muchness. I think they're both better than the top floor. So Blackjack and poker, we reinforce the two external walls in Blackjack. We reinforce the left wall into what we call secret, which is if

[23:54]
you're in the Blackjack side or if you're in secret right side. The left side wall going into bathroom from Blackjack. Obviously, if you're in bathroom to the right side. The two walls from bathroom going out. And you can also look at doing these two as well um from um roulette. And then the two more upstairs. So let's just talk about secret quickly. Make the rotate on the

[24:15]
right side because now you can play here onto the breach onto poker door. Also watch the the secret window. You must have some extension into here. Um a ra- razor bloom with some barbed wire under this window is almost a guaranteed free kill. Um but this breach is likely going to get open. Just watch out for something on this breach by the way. There's a couple of different rappel spots around

[24:35]
the breach where they can be quite high up. And what people are doing is rappelling on those on those rappel spots and then cutting a line with Mav across the top and then getting an angle like all the way across the side. So if you see a Maverick on this wall, just don't peek it. You're probably going to get shot from above. Rotate from the um Blackjack uh left Blackjack wall into poker on the right side. And then over here in roulette,

[24:57]
we've got nothing going into bathroom. But in bathroom here, we've got the rotating into blackjack. You could put another rotating into poker here. Um near to roulette, sorry. Hello? You could also look at reinforcing that wall or that wall with your last two reinforcements. Now, there's one thing that you must do on this site, and that's play upstairs. And let me show

[25:18]
you why and where. So, as you go upstairs, don't reinforce the hatch, in my humble opinion. There's two more reinforcements we've used above here, and those two reinforcements above are reinforcing the the IT. That's not even Labs, mate. The kitchen wall. Both of those walls. And then we want to be playing in humidor, which is this little room just off cigar. This is

[25:40]
where the hatch is, and now from the hatch I can hold the breach. And from the hatch I can hold the side door in between sites, between blackjack and poker. You can also go prone here and hold the breach on a tighter angle. And this little bit of here, I can now hold the rotating from secret, which is there, as you can see. That's the rotate there. But also, more importantly, I can see the most common plant spots, which

[26:00]
is people talking into this bar here as well. So, from above in this one room, I can hold the rotating from secret, plant the spot, door between sites, and the breach. All from this one area. You can then go round to the other side. And from lobby, you can obviously hold

[26:20]
the poker door from above as well. Really useful. Um the lobby is an absolute nightmare for attackers. There's so many different angles to worry about. I think it's a a really difficult place to attack. So, back over into humidor again. All those different vert angles, you must hold this, in my opinion, if you're playing this. If you let the attackers get above Excuse me, if you let the attackers get

[26:41]
this control, and they've opened the hatch, if they don't win the round from that, then they it's Yeah, they've they've they've had an absolute stinker. But this is quite a common plant spot in behind the uh the bar here. Well, not if you're stood there, it's not. So, yeah. I actually quite like this site. One thing to to bear in mind is in here in lobby, you can make a line of sight to hold anyone coming down to killer stairs. We've done this loads.

[27:03]
We'll make a line of sight with the head hole, make a little punch hole below, and they see the head hole first, and you see them in the punch hole. Watch out for this door. It's quite a common way into the site cuz from there, you've only got to turn this corner, turn this corner, and then you're already into site. So, just be careful with that. Obviously, you've got people coming down fish. But, also, you're quite when you're playing in humid or you're quite close to rotate back to

[27:23]
site if you need to. If you can't drop the hatch, you can just come down fish. Come down, and bang, we're back in site. It's a really fast rotate already, just straight down the fish stairs. This area is called What are we calling this? Vending? Yeah, that makes sense. Down vending. And then, obviously, you can go over to Skylar if you want to as well, but rotate back through bathroom.

[27:44]
Now, you can hold this. This is a really really good place to play with the DMR, by the way, if they open that breach. You can hold such a long angle with DMR, fair. I I like this site, personally. Um you just got to watch out for this wall being open. And this wall being open. Again, you can reinforce this if you want to. Um or this one. It's up to you which one you want to do. That one goes into bar.

[28:08]
And out this way. I just want to just put a rotate in here. See how this feels. I don't think this is absolutely the right thing to do at all, by the way. I Oh, I told me shotgun shells used. That then goes out into lobby. Through into connector, and then back into bar. I know, I've just decided no rotate there. Reinforce those two off or those two. I think these would be better reinforced than those, personally.

[28:30]
Yeah, I would reinforce this wall with your last two reinforcements. Yeah, I think what's tricky on this site is I I I really want like a line of sight from roulette into like bar or into a bar into a poker or blackjack, but obviously, it's not it's not doable. This is a a long angle you can hold as well if you had a DMR. Um all the way over onto poker site poker site door there.

[28:52]
Yeah, I quite like this site. Um, it is challenging if they open the breach and get the view of control then you've kind of lost the round. If this gets opened and they're up here, you kind of lost the round but um, yeah, it's it's worth um, it's worth exploring this site cuz I think it's better than the top floor but yeah, I mean you can see how it plays out. Um, this is the elevator hatch that goes downstairs into the bottom yellow stairs.

[29:13]
But um, yeah, playing around secrets with a smoke is solid but you're going to need a couple of ADS's in case they nade it. The problem with playing in secrets is if the breach is open and then you get Yinged or Grimed from here, where do you go? You know, you got to cross the breach to get out. It's It's a bit of a dangerous place. Shield on here works well. You can use the shield on that to play behind from here.

[29:34]
Yeah, that's blackjack poker. What we got left? Bar betting. Let's go on to that. So, bar and betting being the last site then. I've played a lot of this one. I I do quite like this. I think I prefer this to blackjack poker but I'm not a 100% sure. I definitely prefer it to top floor. I've just noticed again there's another gap above that wall. And there's a gap above that wall. There's so many of those um, scenarios where you can nade over the top of the

[29:55]
wall to get rid of the wall denial if you want. We've used seven reinforcements so the bar wall on the south side through into real life. The bar side the bar wall on the east side that's four and we've got the betting wall is six uh, five and six and then lastly we've got the hatch which is seven. Which you know is uh, the hatch which is

[30:15]
up in barista. Now, what I've had some success with on this site is playing maestro and I've been putting a camera up on here and then a camera up on here and then one camera just in between the sites so you can see both ways in. And I've had a bit of success with that but ro- rotates wise we've got a rotate between sites between the bar the the betting sort of counter and the bar counter.

[30:36]
This is a good place to play it. This is a really solid place. You can hold onto the side door here. You can hold a tight angle on the hatch. You can hold the wall that people have been uh, um, breaking here, breaking breaching here. Just be careful you've got to play behind this piece here. You can't play on the the bar here cuz you're going to get smoked from the hatch and likewise here get smoked from the hatch. You've got to

[30:56]
be careful of the hiding behind this. I see foreign over the desk there holding the breach that really solid place to play. You then got to rotate through from bar hall into lockers into lockers sorry into wine stock. Which then goes into the top of locker stairs and this is that breach that they reinforce that we were just peeking from behind the bar there. In janitor.

[31:17]
So if you this this road say here allows you to be a little bit more aggressive that if this gets opened you can sort of peek out and fire into that from here. A solid place to be. This little tuck away here is one of the safe places to be for going on cams and what not when I'm playing Maestro. You just got to be careful of the two side windows. I've played quite a bit of this side and I've only had people repel up to these side windows I think once.

[31:39]
One thing you do need to be mindful of though is the breach below. So below here is the breach into manager's office. So we were talking about with the basement that's right there. Making this little bit of vertical is really really solid for anyone that wants to play sledge or buck and wants to get in the map early by coming through this wall and then coming up the green stairs. This little line of sight here will do the world of good. Also make a

[31:59]
feet holes here for tequila stairs and then now you can hold anyone that comes down the bottom of tequila stairs from here. Remember we see angles but we aim for heads. Really nice angle there. No one's ever going to see that as you come down tequila stairs. People are just going to come down and they're going to be worried about the betting door and the door in going that way going that direction. You come down tequila stairs you get to here and

[32:21]
you're looking at these two angles and this is where we'd want to go and shoot them from through that feet hole. What's the I can't remember what this room's called here. Is it janitor or registration? Sorry janitor's the other side where I've just been this is registration. Um Yeah I always forget what that's called. Registration and then that's then into roulette. Yeah okay. Oh, yeah. Make sure I have the right two walls up.

[32:41]
So, I just go upstairs to barista quickly actually whilst I'm thinking about it. It's another place that you need to start out defending. We've got three reinforcements left. We're absolutely um what would probably be a good idea is if you're going to be defending barista for any period of time is to reinforce that wall as well over in kitchen. But, holding the vertical here to stop them getting the vert is definitely something you should look at doing. The problem is

[33:03]
if we reinforce the hatch, you don't have a quicker escape. So, you could look at not reinforcing the hatch, playing up here to sort of get three or four drones to soak up some utility so they flush you out and then drop the hatch. The reason why that's not always an as something you can just do straight away like you can over on the bar on the blackjack poker site with the humidor hatch, the one that's through there is um because if you want to get

[33:24]
down the hatch, you've got to go to here and there's nearly always going to be someone in tequila, top tequila. So, the odds of you actually getting down the hatch are pretty slim. I do think someone should play upstairs to delay them for as long as possible and probably just play your life. You're probably going to die, but if you can take an hour an hour, you take a minute and a half or so to stop them getting where they want to go, I think it'd be good value. Hang on a second.

[33:47]
Hay fever has absolutely got me in a chokehold today. Um yeah, definitely need something on these stairs like a barbed wire prox wire a prox mine uh a banshee or something like that maybe. Um but yeah, playing around here is where I've been spending a lot of my time. You can then hold into battlen. You just that and then you can hold into the side door and the breach and janitor if they open it.

[34:08]
Obviously, the hatch as well. And use this rotate to get aggressive round into janitor if you need to. Watch out for anyone coming up the lock stairs. Don't forget about the lock of breach. Yeah, I don't think it's worth reinforcing though. I think you could use your reinforcements elsewhere. You'll reinforce the other side of this if you wanted to or you could make a head hole here which would enable you to hold the janitor stairs.

[34:29]
See holes that are there. I like this site. I think the more I'm walking around this now and looking at the options and the availability, I think this is right up there for me. I think the only thing with the the two uh especially well, this one isn't as bad as the uh sorry, this one isn't as as flexible as Blackjack and Poker when it comes to extending. I think here like I was going to say that playing here would be solid before you then retreat back to

[34:50]
side, but if the hatch is open this there's a lot of cutoffs, isn't there? See by yourself, genius. I wonder if that's a picture of one of the devs. I always like to think that if you were in game development, you would put so many little Easter eggs in about people who work in the office and stuff.

[35:10]
You know what I mean? Maybe maybe that is. Well, I would call that like Mike's Aqua Adventure and Mike is like one of the devs who works on And then they must do but they'll probably be far more uh far more conspic- inconspicuous than uh than what I'm thinking. Put a big sign across that saying "Dave's Bar" and like

[35:31]
Dave's one of the devs, but there probably is something any of that relates to that, but it'll be yeah, a lot more under wraps like the name on an alcohol bottle or something. I don't know if that's that's the same bottles that were in Clubhouse as well. Right, so um yeah, that's us. That's us on Bar Bètin. A site that I like and a site that I think is Wait, what's

[35:52]
What's making What am I making the noise at? Don't forget to shoot the virtual racing machine. Yeah, I like it. Um I think my favorite just thinking off the top of my head, I think my favorite sites go Basements, Bar Bètin, Blackjack and Poker top four, I think. Um yeah, let me know what you think. I No

[36:13]
Oh, that's just an off Oh, wait. There are also some Easter egg things. Zero is a football player. Zinari is an American football player. I didn't notice that before. It's got the Vikings in the ground. Browns again. That's a I thought it was Brady coin.

[36:33]
Touchdown. Mhm, don't know who that is, but the number 10's backwards. Little baseball. Hockey. Same That's the same picture that's there. Sorry, this isn't related to the setup, is it? But Oh, that name of the cocktails the name of the previous seasons. I never noticed

[36:54]
that before, either. Oh, that's quality, isn't it? Haha, I didn't notice that before. They're all the seasons in order, are they? Dust Line, Skull Rain. Chimera, Shifting Tides. That's when I first started playing Shifting Tides. Old Orchid, Neon Dawn, Shadow Legacy. Quality.

[37:16]
Love that. North Star. That was the season where that camo came out, wasn't it? What's that? North Star? Pretty cool, though. Why would that be, I think? I don't know. Then there's an ice solar raid. And then, do you remember uh Year 4 Season 3, Chimera? That was a good

[37:37]
season. Right, there we go. Bar and betting done. Let me know what you think. So, there we have it. Chalet Casino defensive setups. That might um change with time. As as time goes on and different angles and different ways of pushing things are discovered, this might change. And if it does, I'll make another video cuz it's quite easy to just run around the site. Do a different setup. Um but that, in my opinion, is the best way of setting

[37:58]
things up as it stands. Let me know what you think. Um get in the comments below and let me know how you set things up if you see any difference. And tell me if you think the top floor's worth playing or not, cuz I don't think it is. Thank you, as always, for getting involved with the channel. I really, really appreciate it. Good luck in the casino. Cheers again for watching. So.
