Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1S5BGxqrzA
Map: Calypso
Side: Attack

[00:00]
Welcome to Calypso Casino. Four spawns outside. And we're going to spawn up here on the roof on pool side. We're going to take sledge and a shotgun and I'm going to have a walk around. I have walked around this for about two or three minutes already just to try and see what it looked like. I've not had a full walk around. This is going to be a bit of a full tour. I'm not going to, you know, spend 40 minutes walking around it but we're just going to get a feel for it. So, outside on the pool

[00:22]
side, we're already on the roof and as a map we are high up as well. Reminds me a bit of Skyscraper in that sense that we're already high up. I'll rappel over the side. Yeah, that's Hazar and a big Ferris wheel. Um so, there's quite a lot of roof space here, isn't there? Presuming that's the building Well, I know that's the building. Um over there we've got a cocktail bar. Uh and we are presumably on the ground

[00:43]
floor here because it goes up to that level and then to that level as well. Um so, you go in through registration. But, let's go up to the roof and work our way down, I think. So, we've technically got an upper floor here. Now, we're like a bit of a DJ booth. Don't think you can Oh. Tunes. Love that. I don't think you can get in there. I don't think you can, can you?

[01:04]
No, you can't. Uh and then let's just go up one more. Let's rappel up to the very roof. And this is like what I would call the roof roof or perhaps the sub roof because there's another bit above here. Uh always you can drop down here. This There's I think there's a lot to learn on this, if I'm honest with you. Um there's a few places you can rappel down. We can rappel down here. And we can rappel down. This is a cool

[01:24]
one. This is like all the way down into the main lobby. I'll rappel all the way down there. But, let's not do that just yet. Oh, that was interesting. Look at that. There's like a breach that is you can't really get to unless you rappel swift. Hang on, I'm just going off tangent a little bit here but if we rappel down this side then we could get to that, right?

[01:45]
That's pretty cool. That's a feature that's I don't think is on any other map. So, let's just have a look. Is there any hatches we can drop? And somewhere else you can rappel here. Don't think there's I I there probably is hatches but can you repel here as well? Oh my word, there's repel city from the roof down, isn't it? Like you could just drop down that. Okay, let's just drop down off the roof

[02:06]
the next level down. Let's just get in the map. Let's go through from DJ booth and we jump in, drop the level. Let's go back up. That's an interesting drop. Onto aquariums. So there's another aquariums there. Oh wait, what we got some information. The squirrel fish, a perfect predator.

[02:26]
The squirrel fish becomes invisible at dusk thanks to its red color. How does that make it invisible? And the butterfly fish. Butterfly fish often swim in pairs normally with their mate. It is not recommended to touch their fins. The color disappears. Oh, that's a real shame. And are they in here? Yeah, that's one of them, isn't it? That's a squirrel fish.

[02:49]
And that's a butterfly fish. No way. The information is actually right for the fish that are in the tank. That's a lion fish. Lion fish. Oh my god, I'm a I've watched Blue Planet a few times. That's really cool. Like the information for the fish that are in the tank is actually right and that is the same again as the I can't remember what they were called, butterfly fish and whatever the other one is. Okay, cool. Right,

[03:10]
aquarium lesson over. This is humidor or what I would imagine everyone's going to call cigar shop. Let's start knocking some walls down. Humidor goes through that way. That goes through to where we just come from, I imagine. It does. So it's just a little square sort of connect the type room hatch in it as well. Okay. Already modernized, gas pipes and fire extinguishers about the place. We then

[03:32]
got a few walls here. And here. Okay, that looks like a billiards type room with the triangles. So we're now in cigar room, so humidor. The cigar room. Okay, no one's going to call that cigar room cuz this is cigar room. So let's not jump the gun, Andy. So we got another wall here. You know what this I don't already I feel like there's a lot of soft walls, so maybe

[03:52]
that's just cuz I'm trying to I'm eager to learn it, so. Um this is a sort of kitchen type area. Does that go outside? That does go outside. So that's the other side of the DJ booth where we just were. That's the window we went in from, okay? So we're in kitchen, soft wall, pipe, cigar room, humidor, and then we'll probably call that like fish fish stairs,

[04:13]
okay? And then around this way we've got kitchen into barista, hatch and barista. It'll be a soft wall there. That goes to somewhere we haven't been. That is the back of what we were just looking at, isn't it? Is this the back of the cocktail bar outside? Tequila bar. Cocktail bar was over there. Yeah, that's the cocktail bar. This is the tequila bar. That's really cool

[04:34]
though, isn't it? So it's this side is the tequila bar, but then on the inside is the inside of the tequila bar. That's cool. I like that. Okay, is that a soft wall? That's not a soft wall. We go back into barista, and then we've got kitchen over here, cigar shop, humidor, okay? Soft wall. This goes into that billiard room which

[04:55]
we were on the back of over here. We looked through this soft wall, didn't we? Till we And we said that was like a bit of a billiard room, okay? Really like the design of it so far, although I feel like it's quite intricate with the amount of soft walls, although I might be wrong. And that's Ah, okay, this is the breach that we repelled down in Hammond. So this should drop down into what's probably called

[05:16]
lobby. This is called pool, probably called billiards. Um barista kitchen, and then let's go back out this way to the fish stairs. Is that No, okay, I'm lost already. No, that is fish stairs. Look, there's a tank. And this is south mezzanine. I can hear a radio. Shoot the speakers.

[05:37]
Go down into main lobby. So the way I try and picture a map when I'm learning it, and we're not here to learn it, we're just having a bit of a tour, but is imagine the layout. So what we've got to think about is are you running around these both of these floors, there's no middle. I mean, that's how I think about coastline and emerald plains as well. You're running around the edge of the map here. So, you can't go all the way around the top bit of the lobby, you have to go

[05:58]
outside. And I imagine you can go around and get in that side, which you can. You just can't There's no full way all the way around. So, if we run around down here and then up here, on the other side here is what we would be able to get through if you could, but you can't. So, this then goes out to where we were just looking at, over there. Correct. So, that's where we just were. So, you just can't get around that side

[06:18]
of the lobby. If you're on this side of the lobby, you've got to go down or up or around. You can't get from here to there without going down these stairs. You can't get through here. So, following this round then, this goes back into barista and then kitchen, cigar room, humidor, fish. Okay. It's a ring, basically, isn't it? Okay, so we're getting there. There's probably a bit more to it than that. Like, what's

[06:40]
This is called bridge and goes outside. This should be outside as well, I imagine. Yeah, okay. Cool. The layout of it looks great. Sorry, the like the sort of scenery around it looks really good. Okay, so that's the sort of second floor nailed down. Obviously, the first floor will be a little bit bigger because it tends to it goes up a bit like that. So, we're now down onto the middle floor. That's just a I thought it

[07:00]
was going to be a soft wall and for a second. You can't I wanted to be able to bet all six credits on the um slot machines, but you can't. That's a shame. Vegas 2 Pro death use the best. Is that That's a smartphone, isn't it? Okay. Open lobby. Nothing out there. So, now we're going to Okay, stairs there. So, let's not go down there just yet.

[07:22]
So, we're going to go round in a bit of a ring again. Again, picture this is like Oh, that's cool. Again, picture this is Oh, there's people way higher. Picture this is like the sort of middle of the map and that you're going around the outside. I mean, that's the way I like to try and think about it. Right, so we've got a poker room.

[07:46]
&gt;&gt; Shoot the jukebox. You got poker room. I like the aesthetics in here. Nice bright colors. Through into blackjack room. So, this is where all the gambling rooms are. So, you've got poker that leads to blackjack. I bet you this is going to be a site, surely. Like poker and blackjack. Um the soft wall that goes between the two, we don't Oh, no, it doesn't. It does not go between the two. Soft wall goes outside. So, blackjack has an external breach.

[08:09]
Oh, can you rappel on that? Can I get around that corner? Oh, this is an angle. Yeah, this is going to be an angle, isn't it? Watching that. Or even Yeah, that's going to be an angle. That's a bit like the angle on layer outside operational. So, blackjack has a breach into poker. Okay. Poker, I've never met her. Sorry.

[08:31]
Um then we go blackjack into a bit of a dead end type room, secret. Okay. The secret doesn't have a route. That's a Okay. I mean, thinking just architecturally, this is a ridiculous design because how would you get into this room if it's not through that window? Do you know what I mean? That wall, obviously, you wouldn't you

[08:52]
wouldn't knock down a soft wall in real life. So, the only way into this room is if you were to vault in this window. This isn't an architecture game. This is a game to make the game playable. So, what's I you know, I'm only kidding. It's a bit like when I say that people put fire extinguishers in the wrong place. I work in the fire industry for a living. Um and I also work in the electronic security industry. Um yeah, I

[09:13]
do a lot of CCTV work and what I do real life. So, I literally work with default cams in my real life. Uh and there's so many um default cams and fire extinguishers that are not up to spec in terms of British regulations and British standards. Um but, this isn't a game about fire and security. It's Rainbow Six Siege. Let's not get bogged down. Right. So, um poker leads to blackjack leads to

[09:34]
secret. Bit of a weird room, that. Can't get to it that way either. Is that some stairs back up to where we were? This is fish there, so we came in that window. It's a snazzy above. Okay, right, I'm with you. And we go around into this area, which is registration. Again, a bit another bit of a dead end. That'll go outside.

[09:54]
And a big soft wall. Should go around this corner. Okay. Um and then one got Um then we go Sorry, I just had a phone call. Shoot the speakers. So, then we go That

[10:16]
was registration. This comes back around where we were. And this goes into bathroom, which goes into blackjack, which goes into poker. Hatch. And then from there into roulette. Okay, so we've got poker, blackjack, roulette, which are They're all sort of gambling rooms, if

[10:37]
you will. Oh, wait. I I expected it to go this way more, not this way. And this is bar, is it? Yeah, bar. There's a bomb in bar, okay. And the stairs there as well. Bar, and now we're in betting. So, there's like four There's four gambling rooms, isn't there? You've got betting, roulette. Wait, so there's a bomb So, the bomb in

[10:57]
betting and roulette. And then you got blackjack and poker, which surely must be a site as well. So, does this go back round round to like the bathroom, like registration area there? It goes this So, this is tequila. Tequila stairs, we're calling that. So, that must lead up into that tequila bar that we saw before. And I didn't realize there were stairs. Yeah, so that's the

[11:18]
outside. The stairs down from tequila. That's a cool call out, isn't it? One dead tequila stairs. That's quality. Um any gam any horse racing The performant right on track Phil Clark, super fast boy. MPTKI, Mike Stell, the beast, Yolo BB26. You know what? There's no way that the devs of

[11:40]
this game do not pull these something like there's an inside joke on every one of them names, isn't there? Every one of those names is an inside joke. Like one of the old dads will be named Mike Stell or something like that. Uh oh, we got this as well like the donkey derby type thing. Casino derby quality. Imagine if that I want to be I want to be able to bet on six credits or Ronaldo. That'd be

[12:02]
quality. Although, I think that probably goes against some guidelines. Right, so we've got another set of stairs and the bar, another hatch. This goes down to the basement, which is going to be a vault, surely. Oh, I didn't make it. And then through here we go from bar hallway into wine stock, another soft wall, another set of stairs,

[12:23]
back into ga- in bar. I thought it was called gambling. Here we got a big soft wall here. This middle floor is quite amazing, isn't it? So, that goes down to the stairs which we saw. Goes round. Janitor we're in now, back into bar, that's right. Janitor we come round into open lobby. So, is this where the where I repelled

[12:45]
down? Yes, it is. That's where we repelled down. Okay, so we done There's a lot that side of the map, isn't there? Like from that we went round that way to the right there. So, all that side of the map is quite big that side. So, what's this side of the map then? Is there anything that goes that way? I don't think I don't think there's that much that goes that way, no. No, it doesn't go that way that much. Okay, so when I said think about this is

[13:07]
like the ring for the middle, don't cuz that's not how it works. It's a ring at the top, but then below this is sort of one side of the map, really, isn't it? I mean, we're figuring this out as we go, but there's a lot more around that way and there's nothing behind us there, so don't think about this as the middle of the donut. Okay, one more quick ways round, poker. Oh, someone's at the door. Show me a

[13:27]
second. Still apologize. There was a delivery man at the door. We've got a really bad weed in the back garden called mare's tail or horse's tail. It's really starting to appear. It's quite invasive. So, I've got to get some weed killer for it. If anyone's an expert on mare's tail or horse's tail weeds, please let me know the best way of getting rid of them. Well, from what I've read, it's pretty tricky. Anyway, the weed killer's here, so I'm going to

[13:48]
do that later. So, back into poker and we'll go over into blackjack. Yeah, and then into secret, which has got nothing in it. Round up to the fish stairs, the window we came in with. It's coming together a little bit here now. This is This is where I get a little bit confused. So, registration then into bathroom, which is kind of the middle of

[14:08]
it. Tequila stairs, which goes up to where we know. Can you get an angle on the stairs from here though? Yeah, so Oh, no, wait, wait. That isn't it. The stairs go behind that. So, what's this? So, that's these stairs, which Okay, I'm with you. And then we go into betting and then gambling. That's bar, I think. Is it? Is that bar?

[14:29]
Yeah, bar. And then where's So, where's gambling gone? I've lost gambling. That's it. I've lost dancing. All right, so roulette. Roulette. Gambling. No, no, the betting is the room. Gambling isn't a room. Betting's a room. Betting, roulette, blackjack,

[14:50]
poker. Okay, cool. All right, let's nip downstairs then. I'm conscious that we're just running around aimlessly learning the map or trying to learn the map. So, we come down bar stairs and this does look very vaulty. I haven't been downstairs at all yet. So, we've got managers here. Running out Oh, that's an external breach. Okay, nice. You can send drones

[15:10]
in through there as well. Cool. Surely he wasn't knocking about when they scene it was made. Again, like the devs, surely that's someone in the dev team. Do you know what I mean? I'd have If you would like design the map, you'd have such a laugh putting things in. That's the stairs we came down. Weapon cache. Oh, they kitted up in the casino, aren't they? Bloody hell.

[15:31]
Okay. Um weapon cache into CCTV. Extensive CCTV as you'd expect in a casino. Two soft walls here. We're running out of hammers. One that goes that way, that's where we just were. One that goes this way. Okay, so those two soft walls are in the same room this side. And we'll go over that way in a second.

[15:52]
CCTV this goes to like server or something. Yeah, server. Hammer. No hammers left. So, we're going to have to shotgun. That goes that way. This is why you place slide shotgun by the way. If you've got so much soft destruction in a half an hour custom game to be able to see what you want to see. That goes outside. Ah. This is something that I saw. This is what I was looking for. I saw

[16:13]
this on a video. This is an external breach. It is completely outside. Look at that. Like there's a drop and you and you like get off the rappel. You can, but you only once you open the soft wall and oh well, reinforced wall potentially. Okay, cool. And these are interesting, too. The

[16:34]
ducts. I don't want to go upstairs yet. So, lockers back through here into server. I'll run out of ammo soon. The soft wall. I feel like there's more soft walls in here than any map I've seen before. Vault checkpoint. Server to vault checkpoint. This must be vault, yeah.

[16:55]
Can't go in there. Soft wall. Goes into a sort of unfinished floor. Looks like a secret area. We have Easter Easter egg already. Must be some stairs here. Ladder, okay. This just goes around a bit, does it? And that goes outside.

[17:15]
Must be outside. There's a back No, we were outside. This is outside. This is not part of the map. This is outside. So, that soft wall that I just went through there is technically an external breach. As it goes over there, it's like an external breach. This is outside. This is back in the map, okay? In ventilation hole. It goes back in towards the vault area,

[17:36]
server area. Lift hatch. Hatch to drop as well. I'm going to sneeze. Hay fever coming in strong this time of year. Back to CCTV. Back out that way there, the stairs

[17:57]
again. Okay. Right, as an initial sort of tour, I think we can call that a draw. I think we can say we're happy with that. Um Break room, these are the stairs we came down in this banter bar. Back up into bar, okay. There is There are features that I want to try and show you but I that I've seen on a video but I don't know where they are. Um there's a vent you can use that takes your drone

[18:18]
down quite far. Um we just saw the bottom of one of those vents. But there there are vents you can use like drone holes that'll take your drone down a floor or two. Bit like there are on canal. But they look a bit more useful on this map if I'm honest with you. Um probably going to be on the floor above. What we got? 10 minutes left in the round and the videos I know I did a second clip so we're on 5 minutes cuz

[18:38]
someone knocked on the door. Uh I'm just trying to find a vent quickly. They're probably going to be outside coming in, I would imagine. Wait, can I go to the roof here or not? Uh it's a vault down here. Let's get up to the roof. We can't go up to the roof. That isn't the roof. Go around this side. Can we rappel? No,

[18:59]
can't rappel off there. We can rappel up here, right. So, let's have a quick look for a drone vent. Anyone sees a drone vent, please say there's one there. It's got to be around here, hasn't it? Surely. Is that one? No. They kind of look like that though.

[19:19]
Uh, that's what we can rappel down into the main lobby. There's none that It's got I'm determined to find one. You guys talk amongst yourselves while I find a drone vent, okay? That's the Yeah, that's the bars and tequila's underneath us. That's tequila. We know the stairs there. Here we go. Drone vent.

[19:40]
So, you can send your drone in here. This might be the most insane pre-placed drone of all time. You know like in the corner of chalet lobby, you've always got to look out for that one drone. I think that's going to be the case here. So, let's just rappel down. Cool little drone vent there. Whenever you play in defense, you've got to look up there for the drone, haven't you? That is going to be an absolute I'll put

[20:01]
a keeper barrier there maybe. Uh, maybe a bit of a waste of a keeper, but that is a nightmare of a drone for defenders cuz it's so hard to see. But, there are There are some other Can you rappel back up these as well? Okay, you can't rappel up these, but you could rappel up that one that we came down first cuz we went back up, didn't we? So, you can rappel back up here. Yeah,

[20:22]
okay. So, you can get to this breach from the from the bottom as well as from the top obviously if you can rappel back up. But, there are There are some more vents that I've seen where you sort of drop You don't just go through the vent like we just did with this one. You can like drive it all the way through. Um I'll have to try and find that. Well, I mean, we're going to do another video on this one so I've played the map a few

[20:43]
times. Sorry. Once we've played the map a few times, um I'll have a better understanding of how it plays, how it feels, if you know what I mean. Having a run around is is nothing like how it'll play. And then of course, this is outside as well. This This is There's a lot of map here, isn't there? So, that's just a regular drone all the way through. Yeah, it is.

[21:04]
Where does this go into? Top of the sun. Ethane hallway. Healer stairs. Okay. I feel like it people got lost on layer. I feel like just from initial um That's the DJ booth above. Um I feel like initial um

[21:25]
initial running around, it feels a bit more mazy than layer to me I think did. Um but I really enjoy layer. So, it the reason it feels mazy is cuz you don't know it, isn't it? Let me shoot the speakers. Ah, we can shoot the speakers on bar as well. Okay, cool. All right, well that's Calypso Casino. Um you know, I'm not I'll do a full breakdown of this in a full sort of

[21:46]
setup guide. Probably do some attack videos. Um I'm very I I I'm not going to say I invented the idea of Calypso Casino in Siege, but years ago Siege was always my favorite game. Uh sorry, not Siege. I mean Rainbow Six Vegas. Was always my favorite game. The shooter I played more than anything else was Rainbow Six Vegas 1 attacking defend on Calypso Casino.

[22:11]
Sorry, I'm playing Sledge. I didn't sound like a very Sledge voice line. Is that a Sledge? Anyway, um attacking defend on Calypso Casino is the game mode I Wait, what's that about? Is the game mode I probably played more

[22:32]
than anything else in my gaming history in Siege. So, the idea of Calypso Casino in Siege is fantastic. The only thing is I'm uh slightly disappointed about, but I completely understand why, it's nothing like Calypso Casino was in Rainbow Six Vegas 1. But, there's a reason for that and that's because that wasn't a Siege map and this needs to be a Siege map, obviously. Um this must be

[22:52]
one of those vents. Why is there a drone hole in a fenced off area? This isn't Wait, what? Why can you bring a drone through here if there's no vent? Surely I can get down a vent here. There's a drone hole and a fence to an area that I can't get through. And there's a vent that goes down into the ground. I can't I can't get in there.

[23:13]
That's completely boxed off. There has to be a reason. Wait, so your drone comes in here. Can you over the edge here? Is that what it's for? Ah, you could maybe to go over the edge there. But even then you would just go over this edge surely. There's no way there isn't a vent in here. Um all right, this is the last part this is the last mission on running around Cops 'n' Crooks Casino for the

[23:34]
first time. I may okay, maybe I'm Oh, what was that? No, it's not a hole, is it? Strange. Oh, it's that's as if there's like Oh, send your drone through here. There's definitely something you want to be looking at in here. Is it on top? Maybe there is something Oh, that one looks a bit lower down. Wait a minute.

[23:59]
Nothing still. Nothing in it. Let me get Let me just rappel up this side here. Really conscious we've got 4 minutes left. And I said I wasn't going to take forever on this. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There we go, guys. Cops 'n' Crooks Casino. There's got to be a vent there. I'm going to find it. But as far as initial run-arounds go,

[24:20]
it's a really nice sort of aesthetic, a really nice vibe if you want to call it that. The screenshot looks fantastic. This might actually be worthwhile looking at to understand the layout of the map a little bit more. That's where we just were, isn't Um or do you spawn I'm Can you spawn further down then? Let's try a different spawn point just quickly. Your mission is to locate and destroy

[24:41]
the &gt;&gt; now we're back exactly where we just died, aren't we? Don't worry, I'm not going to go looking for a vent through there again. Wait, there's another one this side. What's down here then? What? Is it just so you can jump over there easier?

[25:01]
There's a vent there and a drone vent there. Is it because of this bridge so you can just jump down each side easier? I don't know. Yeah, I mean as far as an aesthetic goes, it looks great, doesn't it? Let's be honest. So this is still outside the map. Double window into bridge. Then I just want to nip down back into

[25:23]
like poker and um blackjack cuz I think that's like my favorite area. I really like the uh the feeling here. Like can you imagine playing siege like defending around here? Defending around a poker table. Uh uh two pair.

[25:45]
I'm at yeah um hit. Oh no, wait, I'm dealer side. Wait. Um wait. Have we got a blackjack anywhere? Ace king blackjack. That's mute on the money, by the way. No way. The unique currency of Rainbow Six. All six All six [clears throat] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 5.

[26:06]
Same serial number. Counterfeit. World's hardest currency. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I haven't got the patience to look for Easter eggs, but when you see stuff like this, I do like it. Nice. Um do you say You know when you playing blackjack, do you say hit? Cuz when I was growing up I used to say twist and I don't think that's what you supposed to

[26:27]
say. I think that's what you say when you like five when you playing I used to call it pontoon. I thought what Anyone else used to uh call it call 21 pontoon, not blackjack? Why did I call it pontoon? I don't know. Anyway, there you go. Bit of aim training in here as well with the balloon with the balloons. But yeah, I really like the feel. I really like the um the sort of vibe to it if you will. Um as I say, I'll play a few games on the test server comes out

[26:48]
shoot the shoot box and we'll see how it plays. We'll see how it feels. We'll do some defensive setups when we've got a bit of experience on here, but I don't The only thing I worry about is people will play this and go, "Oh, it's dead confusing." But every map's confusing when you first play it. When you first picked up Siege and you walked around Clubhouse, it was confusing. You've got to play it, you've got to put the time in, and and a just a half an hour custom game, play Sledge with a shotgun, walk

[27:09]
around, get the feel for Oh, that leads to this, that leads to that, whatever. And and embrace it and get involved in it, and remember, you can't ban it for the first season that it's out anyway, so you're going to have to learn you're going to lose your games on it. But yeah, so far, I like it. Let me know what you think. Thank you as always for getting involved with the video, I really appreciate it. I'll see you next time. Cheers.
