Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkBuc1IDudk
Map: Chalet
Side: Defense

[00:00]
And boom. A up troops. A little to near again with another video. It's that time. It's been a while since we've looked at defensive setups. It's time to go through it again. New operators have come in. Things have changed. Metas have changed. Defensive setups. Need looking at it again. What better place to start than Shalet. Going to go through all four sightes, all the rotates, reinforcements, headles, vertical holes, up and down that you need to know to get

[00:20]
a decent defensive setup. Starting out well on defense. Setting the site up will give you a better chance of winning the round and ultimately winning the game. There's no doubt about it. That's enough waffling. Let's get stuck into it. Right then. Top floor shalet. I've done the reinforcements except one area which we'll talk about in a second. We're going to start from back to front. We're going to start from Salarium and work our way forward. So, start inside.

[00:42]
It makes a bit more sense. Salarium. We reinforce the right side of this wall, not the left. Don't reinforce the left. I'm going to spend I'm just to let you know about these setups. I'm going to tell you why about everything. So, I know you if you want to just see the setup, you can skip through it. But I want to explain why you don't reinforce that side. I don't just want to say reinforce this side because you don't learn anything from that. I want to say

[01:03]
why you don't do this side. Okay? So, the reason you don't reinforce this side is let's just say this side was reinforced and this side was soft. If they're on salarium windows, you're trapped against this wall. You can't get out. The only escape would be to go this way. And obviously, bear in mind, this would be soft. This would be reinforced. The only escape would be this way across the soft wall, which is where they're on the windows. The reason we hold this

[01:24]
side is because now you can peek this side of the wall here, and you can peek this side of the wall here, and you're safe behind this reinforcement. If you need to retreat, you can. You can just move all the way back if you want to. So, I I know I will go on a little bit here, but I want to explain cuz this is relevant for loads of different sides as to why we reinforce one side and not the other. Now, one thing I haven't done, and some people do, is they reinforce this wall. The reason they reinforce

[01:45]
this wall is you can get an angle from salarium uh from bathroom window which is there. You can get an angle from bathroom window all the way to back salarium if you don't reinforce that wall. I actually don't reinforce this wall and I make these holes. I don't make them as big as this. I only did this to show you. But I make these holes cuz now you can fight bathroom window from there and from there. Obviously if someone's on salarium windows, you can't

[02:06]
be here. You've got to move. Um moving forwards, we've got to rotate here. And you also want to make another head hole in line with this door, in line with this rotate right there. Reason being is you can now hold that canine door all the way back from here in solarium. You don't have to hold it all the way back from there. Of course, you can hold it from in closet if you want

[02:27]
to. Nice tight angle on there. Watch big window. Rotate here to get out of closets. Rotates are all about just moving through sides sufficiently. If you can't get through that rotate, you would have to cross big window here, right? The reason we have that rotator, one of the reasons is you can now come through here and you can now get to this angle and fight a bit of big window. If not, someone could just repel on big window and cut off all of this master

[02:48]
bedroom. Then we go to the rotating sides here. Some people have started putting it on this right side. I don't think I hate that, but I also don't think it's quite as good. This rotates good because you're not seen by K9 door as you go through the rotate. If you rotate here and someone's on this door, you can't get through the rotate. The beauty of this is this completely blocks off the um the rotate and you can get

[03:08]
this far before you have to peek onto the door um and fire that way if you want to. This is also not a terrible anchor spot to be in. Although it can be bad from uh piano window, but from here you can fight a bit of bigger Oh, I just threw a smoke by accident. Ignore that. Fight a bit big window and a bit of K9 door if you want to. Now, reinforce the main breach, of course, both sides. And I've left these two walls soft for now.

[03:29]
Under no circumstances should you reinforce both of these walls. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you a reason for leaving them both soft. I'm going to make feet holes all the way across and then you can decide which between you and your stack which one you'd prefer to reinforce. Now you've got to reinforce one of these two walls and there's benefits of both. Okay, you can either make feet holes across both

[03:49]
walls. And if you make feet holes, it's good to hold in people jumping in the me window. If this breach gets opened, you can see into the mess window through these feet holes. Then as also if somebody pushes through the brereech you can also see them walk through the brereech as they would go through there. Now if you need to stop the plant these feet holes here mean you can also get up to this area here and see behind half

[04:10]
wall. Be careful of piano window. If you reinforce this one which is what I think is possibly the better option. You can also then defend instead of having feet holes here you can have head holes. You can then also defend into library and jungle window or ivy window should I say rather and uh blue stairs as well.

[04:32]
Obviously this is temporary because as soon as this breach gets open you can't play here. This is a if you if you like playing smoke and you like being active playing here is really good fun. You can put a prox mine on the other side of this wall here and you can put a prox mine for anyone walking through the brereech. And then from here you can hold the breach and also hold the balcony and also hold the head holes. It's a really active way if you've got

[04:53]
three smokes. 30, 40, 50 seconds left here, it gets a really exciting place to play. But just don't over peak. Don't start putting your head here and holding this for fun. You want to be alive as long as you can, especially on the smoke. So yeah, reinforcing both of those or and in my opinion as well, this goes for every map, always bring denial. I don't think there's any reason why you shouldn't bring wool denial, especially in ranked because and all right, well,

[05:14]
they just bring that or they just bring EMPs. Yeah, they do, but it gives them a job to do. You want I've said this in loads of different videos, you want to give as many obstacles the attackers have to hurdle as possible. And if they have to bring an operator purely for opening this breach as well as a hard breach, I'm all for it. Um, and what will happen is sometimes they'll forget to bring EMPs or they'll forget to bring um a certain thing they need to do to

[05:35]
complete the task or they forget to bring the ash to get it from below. They'll do it. They'll forget it. And if you don't have that obstacle there, they walk past it. So yeah, stick wall denial on there. Then we go out to mez and we can play library box. We reinforce the single wall and then you can hold the window here or the double window here. Also reinforce this side. And you can make a head hole here to hold into the mez window. So from here

[05:55]
you can hold me window, ivy window, and the library windows. It's a busy place to play. This is where you want to be maybe for the first 30 seconds of a round. Get a few drones from library. But it's all about sort of defending further away from sight and then slowly falling back. Don't forget, you don't just want to leave the site empty cuz they could just maru through a big window, right? So you want to start at least a couple of players start further back. I think I've said this before and

[06:17]
you know what? I'm gonna do it now. Sorry. So there's me editing software, but I'm not bothered. I'm going to show you what I mean. I've said this in other videos. I'm going to make it very quick this time. Imagine siege. This is a map. This is rooms of a map, right? And here's site. This is very linear. So, just ignore this for now. It's not obviously a map design video. Um, this is a door.

[06:38]
Attackers coming this way towards the site here. What you want to do really is have a couple of defenders starting like here. And they don't not um what have I just said then? Dead there. They're not there to take fights necessarily. They're just there to waste time. So the attackers drone into here. You destroy that drone. And as a defender, then you can move back to this room. Then they take control of this room and they have

[07:00]
to defend. They have to drone this room. Then as an attack as a defender, you destroy the drone. And you can move back to this door, which is no sight. But by doing that, you've delayed them and you've also made them use drones. Okay? You don't want to just be taking gunfights here and dying and then being in a 5v4. But you need to make layers to your defense, right? And eventually you give up the layers, right? Attackers start here. Defenders are defending side

[07:21]
here. Attackers take this layer and you move back to here. Attackers take this layer and you move back to here. Then they take this layer, you move back to here. That's the idea. Okay. So, the reason we're talking about setting up sight over here uh and setting up um sorry, defense over here is to destroy drones and and waste time. Don't get yourself disconnected though. If you hear that they're opening this window,

[07:41]
you need to get out of here pronto otherwise you're going to be trapped. So yeah, you can play here. And then the other one, I mean, this is a really, really strong place to play mainly where there's army to play here. And this is a really fun place to play. You can hold the ivy window. You can hold the library double. You can hold the mez, you can hold bottom main. This, if you've got a gunner, give him an ads or two. You've got someone who's mechanically good. Get

[08:02]
him on his army. You place a KA barrier here. You place a Ka barrier here. And you place a KA barrier here or here. And you can play around here. You can also use your deagle on his army to make a hole here. Now you can watch blue stairs walk up as well. Really solid place to play. Again though, the person playing here is probably going to die throughout the round because they're just delaying

[08:23]
the people coming through me and also coming through library. Back in sight in terms of anchor spots and where you want to be playing around. This is a big one. Watch out for big window. You can also get killed from bathroom window here, but it's a really tight angle. You can just get an angle on the door there. You can see just about I can see the door frame there. Look if I fire that

[08:44]
bullet. You can see where that hit the wall there. So you can just about get an angle. So if you are playing here, you've got to be careful not to just be standing. I mean that's a better example. But look at that. It's a literal pixel. But I've died to that before and I've got kills from there before. So be careful on that. Here's a good anchor spot. And then in closet's good as well. Bear in mind in closet if you're playing like a maestro or an echo or if you're playing a hard anchor like

[09:04]
a mute or something, you're playing around this closet area which again is a good place to play. You can open a hole here and you can hold piano window from here if you want to. And you can also hold the K9. Obviously, you can pick big window from here. But uh if you're playing in here, you might want to think about reinforcing either one, two, or three of these walls. I wouldn't reinforce all of them because you don't

[09:24]
want them jumping into bathroom for free. You still need them worried about jumping into bathroom, which is here. So yeah, you I would probably reinforce one or the other of these walls. I wouldn't reinforce both because then they don't have to worry about it. Again, it's I'm going to repeat this a lot. You want to make attackers worried about getting into places. If the attack is on bathroom window here and he's drowned it

[09:46]
and all four of these walls are reinforced, they just hop in and they're absolutely free. It's free cheese for them. So, yeah, that's the setup. Top floor. Oh, yeah. A few more holes I want to show you. Um especially in Salarium. Um there's one, this is dead obvious obviously to hold trophy, old trophy window. This is a really nice one for anyone going bottom solar stairs. Um

[10:07]
that there is the bottom solar stairs. I hold this all the time whilst playing Maestro. Another really good one is for anyone who wants to rush um west main stairs quite quickly. Standing sort of in front of the bathroom window then in front of the bathroom door here and you want to be aiming to this area slightly off center of the door and back a little bit. You can see now that's bottom west main stairs. Really nice angle for anyone rushing up west main stairs. And

[10:28]
if you're down on west main stairs there, these holes aren't obvious as you're coming up the stairs. It's quite hard to see. Um, other vertangles to consider is you sometimes quite often sometimes quite often well which one is it? Is it sometimes or quite often? You'll get an ash going to the front door or as a fear to get the bandit batteries off this wall. You can make an angle here where you can see the front

[10:48]
door underneath. So you'll sometimes get an ash sometimes and quite often get an ash just peek just peeking this door here and you can get like a nasty kill on them there and you can also see the other side of the door as well. Um, there's things to think about below actually whilst I mean I'm going through everything here. Why not? Couple of things to think about below about where the uh default plant spots are. So this

[11:10]
is the mez, right? Oh, hang on. We forgotten something. Shoot the juke box. Um, this line here is the reinforced wall inside. Okay, so the balcony overhangs here. This is inside. So these are the holes that we used when we were peeking the ash on the front door. Okay, so that means half wall plant spot is here. So if you need to C4 below, use

[11:32]
that plant spot there. And then you've got the K9 door which is over in this corner here. You need to C4 if anyone's planting K9 door that's there. That is pretty much it. Oh, one more thing. If you're ever roaming on this, so these are all about setups, but if you're ever roaming on this side defending top floor, if you're playing like a Valk or a Legion or something, just come down

[11:53]
here and stand in this area here and just listen. What you'll get is sometimes quite often, it's a thing now, isn't it? That's in my brain. You're going to get a sledge or an ash who just opens this straight away and runs up these stairs. And from here, it's an absolute freebie. But be the reason we stand here in the middle is sometimes they'll do exactly the same thing on trench door here. So, if you stand in

[12:14]
the middle here and you listen for the sound either in your left ear for over there or your right ear for over here and listen to where they're coming from. Obviously, that's only if you're roaming. That even though we've somehow ended up in basement is the chalet top floor setup and it's only taken us 11 minutes to discuss. I really do waffle on, but I like going through everything, man. Yeah, top

[12:34]
floor done. Down in basement then. And again, we'll start up back to front. We'll start trench side going towards snowmobile garage. So, first things first, which I was not going to go first thing. Second, are we? Is this wall here, which is the long wall, trench long wall that looks down towards car garage. Okay, the difference in the two garages, by the way, unless you've never realized this is really simple. Car

[12:55]
actually, is that a car? It's like an estate car, a van. Anyway, car garage and snowmobile garage because guess what? There's a snowmobile in there. Anyway, that's enough of that. So this wall now you'll see some pro teams and some higher ranked players putting feet holes along this wall here. There's reasons why. However, we aren't pro teams and we're the majority of us are

[13:16]
not high ranked um high ranked players. So there is a reason you can do that. It's cuz you can hold angles like this if people are then walking through trench. Um so if someone was to come through the door and they walk along here then you'd get them through the feet holes. There's also the other way around as well. Excuse me to cough. There's also the other way around where you can hold people from a longer angle like this walking down past washing

[13:36]
machine etc. In my opinion it's not worth it. Reinforce those two those two walls. This wall here I've left the right hand side wall soft because I've started sometimes playing this area here a little bit like elbow on Oregon. However, you've got to be super careful here cuz this door exists. If you can play here and I play with sentry, I play a shield and a C4 and then you need to

[13:57]
have a castle to castle this door off. And there's other good areas to castle on this side as well. Castle that door off and also play a wai with a couple of discs around here. You can play here behind the shield and hold this door so that cuz it's super easy to get in here, is it? Normally this is reinforced and you can just come as an ace or a thermite. You've got a tiny little pixel you've got to worry about there. But if you sprint past it fast enough, you're

[14:18]
going to be safe enough and then you're in here getting the wall. So, I do like doing this sometimes, but again, I I wouldn't do it unless this is castled off because these are double reinforced and the minute someone gets here, you just can't get back into sight. I think it's an okay way of doing things. Um, but it it can be a difficult place to play. So, I it's up to you. If you've got a bit of a gun, a bit like we said upstairs on mezzanine, if you've got a

[14:39]
bit of a gunner on your team, made them play, maybe play them there. If not, reinforce it. You want to be bringing as much wool denial as possible for this site. You got one, two, and snowmobile wool. Three walls that you want to be doing. We'll talk about this hatch in a sec. In fact, let's talk about this hatch. Now, why haven't I reinforced this hatch? Well, the reason I haven't reinforced the hatch is generally speaking, in my humble opinion, you want somebody playing upstairs here in dining

[15:01]
room. Now, you can open the hatch. You can then make head holes for anyone. Oh, that's not very good. Anyone jumping in trophy castle's also a good option up here as well, cuz you can castle off your area. You can watch anyone jumping into trophy. You can reinforce this left wall and then make a head hole into anyone going down main stairs. So from there you can watch trophy main back to main and then of course you've got the

[15:22]
hatch. Now why do I think this hatch doesn't need to be reinforced? Because it doesn't really give attackers that much other than dropping into sight. Do you know what I mean? Like the angle you can see is like you can maybe get up here and go prone. Is that give you a better angle? Okay. So you can just see back pillar there on a bit of a pixel angle. I don't really feel like it gives attackers that much. As a defender, if

[15:44]
you can hold this area as a defender, this side wall here is one of the main entrance points for attackers where they want to try and plant in this area here behind the barrel or one next to the barrel. So, being able to hold this from above is absolutely huge. Of course, you can come around this side as well and you can watch anyone walking through the door. So, I think this hatch needs to be open and I think you place somebody up here playing around trophy, playing

[16:05]
around, dining, round kitchen around West Main. Again, like I said, you can castle this door off. You can castle this door off even. Maybe. Although, I don't know if castleing both of those off because then it means they know when they're down there that they don't have to worry about any flanks from anywhere. So, maybe just castle one. But I play up here um as castle sometimes. And you generally need another player with you as well. But keeping this hatch open is a really solid defensive move. If you're

[16:26]
not sure, guess what? You can reinforce it. It's not the end of the world if you reinforce that hatch. It just means once this wall's open, the only real place you can hold it from is here. You can't really hold it properly from here because of this door. The only other place is here. And there's one angle that attackers have got to worry about. And it's a really tough place to play here. It's attackers just hold like from

[16:47]
the other side of this wall. They'll just hold that angle there and wait for you to peek and you you're gone. Or they can just bring cap tower, flame off that area, and then they can come and plant here for free. By the way, on attack, whenever you're planting here, always punch that barrel out so you get nice and tucked in. cuz sometimes when defenders will peek around here to try and find where you're planting. You see how my sight is now covering where we'd be planting like tucked in down there. Anyway, so yeah, that's the the hatch

[17:08]
and the wall. Like I said, I'm going into as much detail as I can cuz I want to let you know every option. Um that that's what I like doing anyway. Then I'll also punch this barrel out as well. And you can hide up here if you need to. Um no, very few people check here when they finally push into sides. If you're in like a 1v2 in the pushing trench, hide up here and hold this angle. Solid place, right? This is the bone of

[17:29]
contention wall, isn't it? This is the big one. Everybody in the world reinforces this wall. And I don't think you should. And the reason I don't think you should is because the only place if you reinforce that wall, the only place you can peek the breach from is this angle or this angle. Now, the reason it's nice to be able to peek the Oh, by

[17:49]
the way, and also if they come in and plant with a Monty in the corner here, there's only one angle you can peek them from, and that's the side of this reinforcement. can't even peek from this door, but you can't see it. You'd have to come all the way out to there and then you're going to get smoked by anyone else on the brereech. The reason you want to keep this open in my opinion is you can then hold the breach from here. I know I know what you're going to say and I sometimes agree with you. That

[18:10]
means now attackers can see all the way through wine to there. But really, who plays in this area here? Like if this was reinforced, you'd stand here and peek here, wouldn't you? Like this this channel here that you can see from the brereech. Who peaks us? Nobody peaks us. But it also means you could have a player in blue who could peak the breach from here. Hello. And then you could

[18:31]
also, as long as there's no one pushing trench, you can also then hold the breach from way back here. Different angles here as well. Also, anyone playing smoke or anyone with C4. The reason I put that extra hole there is I can now throw a smoke through there if I need to towards where the default plant is on the bin. And it also means if this is reinforced, and I've got an attack, I've got an attack about this video.

[18:52]
Attackers can come and plant here up against what would be reinforced and you can only swing from two places here. All attackers need to do is get main stairs control and then they can plant here because this door can be watched from the breach. Cuz if you were trying to swing here, by the time you're at this point here, you're dead from the breach. The only other place you can attack there is from blue and you'd have to come all the way out to here to see that

[19:12]
plant and by that time you're also dead from the breach. So I think holes should remain there. But if your team isn't confident, bear in mind on all these setups, if you're putting head holes in, you got to be confident in playing them. If your team isn't confident in playing these head holes, and you're going to have to reinforce this. Now, if you're solo queuing, I would probably reinforce it because otherwise your team are going to be mad at you. Then you've got the

[19:33]
rotate question, and there's benefits and negatives, pros and cons of both positives and negatives even of both of these rotates. Okay, so this rotate means you can peek main stairs nice and easy from way back in sight. Problem being is they can also peek for you way back inside back here. It also means you can hold blue. However, this angle means you get this rotate means you get a really nasty little pixel onto blue

[19:54]
stairs there. You can see where that bullet's going. So, you get a nice angle here. It also means when you peek the brereech, you still get the same effect. You're just a bit further back as opposed to being here. So, there's pros and cons of both. Obviously, with the rotate being here, you can peek main stairs from here, but they don't have an angle into the side. Let me show like imagine rotates here. Look what we can see. Or as opposed to

[20:15]
that where you can barely see anything. So yeah, I do like that. But however, it means that when you get to side wine, which is here as a defender, you can actually have a bit of an effect on the side here maybe. Whereas with this one, you can't really. You've got, you know, you can see nothing through that at the minute. So I I like both for different reasons. I'm not going to tell you which one's right or wrong cuz there's no right or wrong answer. It's

[20:36]
completely up to you. Oh, reinforce this hatch. I haven't mentioned that yet. Uh completely up to you. Uh there's no there's no right or wrong. Couple of little nice vert angles to know is you can hold this window here from above. Oh, hang on. You can hold this window here from above. If you make a hole in the floor

[20:57]
here, you can see see that punch. You can then see outside. If I can prone and shoot that out. You can now see outside. That's the balcony. And you can see further down as well. And if you come further back, is it here? Where's the angle? Hang on. Probably should have practiced. There you go. That's the angle. You can now see beyond the balcony. The balcony ends there. You can

[21:18]
now see beyond the balcony outside to the ground. Nice little angle. Uh what other angles are worth knowing? I don't think there are many vert angles here to be honest with you. No curt angles. What? Um this will get you an angle onto the brereech and you can actually play this from way up here. So if you're playing with if you're roaming and you've got an impact playing vigil or

[21:38]
whatever, you can be up here on me, you can impact that floor there and you can watch anyone walking in from the breach. Obviously this is a danger because if anyone's on this window, you got to be careful with that. And also this window, but I've got I've won rounds from here many times by someone like nipping in to try and walk into sight. The only thing you can't see from up here is you can't get an angle on behind the bin at all. No matter what you try and do, you can't

[21:58]
see behind the bin. I've tried a few times. I've never been able to get the angle. You can't do it. Oh, one thing I like doing sometimes as well, by the way, if no one pushes games or bar, you can use this little rotate here. You can just hold here. As soon as somebody like, you know, the planting, you can drop and then swing the breach. It's a nice little rotate, but if they do push games, it kind of does you in a

[22:20]
little bit because they can hold into sight. One of the main places people play is behind the bomb here. Like if they're defending, if they've got the breach open, you can play the bomb and you can play smoke or you can play Weber here on the bomb, peak behind the bomb. But obviously if that's open, you can't do that. This is a really annoying place to get people out of. If you're a defender playing here, obviously if they nature, you're in trouble. But strong to play here because there's no vert here.

[22:41]
The only place you can worry about is blue. Blue stairs. You've definitely got to put something on blue stairs. Probably about there. Remember the old glitch where you could put things inside that particular uh like purple whatever it is. But yeah, you want something on blue stairs for sure. You need noise. You need sound. Banshees. Goomines is okay. A gooman's work well on stairs, but obviously a prox mine would be

[23:02]
great. You know that exact point that it's going to go off as soon as they get to the bottom of the stairs. So you need to know that as you swing. Yeah, blue stairs can be a bit of a nightmare if you don't put something there. Under no circumstances can you have somebody walking down crouch walking down blue stairs without you getting an alert about it. It's so so dangerous. So yeah, something there, something even maybe higher up. There's not many places to put it. I have put prox mines up here

[23:24]
before there. So you get an early warning. The issue with that is as attackers come down it'll start going beep beep and they shoot that out and you go okay well there's one blue stairs but now they've got sort of access to the platform and they can walk down without sound whereas putting the prox mine there you know they're already down and you can swing them at that point you know they can't be any further up or down than that point there. Whereas if

[23:44]
you put the one higher up yes you get an earlier notice but then they destroy the procs and you don't know when they're walking down. You can even do both but it's kind of a it's a lot of procs mines for blue stuff. So that's basement. Um, you can climb up on here if you want to. There's a way of doing it. There you go. And you can like prone here and hold a nasty angle there. You can stand up on here. So, as they swing this door, your head's way up high. And they as soon as

[24:06]
you swing this door, everyone swings this way like this and then they're shooting your ankle. So, they don't realize you're going to be way up there. Oh, yeah. One more thing that is actually really important. These bins are not bulletproof. So, when someone comes in and plants here and they think they're safe, they're not. Look at that wall there. No bullet marks on that wall. bullet marks on that wall. Bullet marks, bullet holes on that wall. So, these

[24:29]
bins are not bulletproof. This one isn't either, but it makes no difference because you're not going to be shooting behind that, but they're not bulletproof. So, you can actually technically hold the default plant from blue. If they're planting behind there, you can drill that bin and the bullets will go through. As you can see, whoever's planting behind that bin ain't going to last very long. Just bear in mind, you see this sort of red cabinet?

[24:49]
They're going to be far over to the side of the bin. And if you're like shooting this part of the bin here, you ain't going to do any damage. If they're behind that red cabinet as well, you can shoot the shoulder. You've got to like they're not going to be here, if you know what I mean. They're going to be like right tucked in here. So, you need to be shooting this part of the bin as they're planting. They're tucked in. So, shooting this part of the bin. I mean, look at where we are here. You can see that like we're not anywhere near that

[25:09]
half of the bin. So, you've got to really get as close to that red cabinet as you can. That's if they're precise with their planting spot. They might not. They might try and plant here or something, but I would just go over to that side to be safe. And that is a basement defense. I do recommend you play up in dining and kitchen. Depending lower elo tends to be all the attacks through here. As you get higher up through the elo um ladder, people

[25:30]
realize that this side of the map is actually a lot easier to attack as opposed to just going to the main breach. But yeah, my thoughts on basement onto dining kitchen or kitchen dining then. And we'll start front to pack this time. I've just realized we haven't done the most important thing. And shoot the juke box. Right then. So we're reinforcing the front lobby walls. We're reinforcing the next wall and

[25:50]
we're making feet holes here. This is so anyone attacker that walks across here. By the time they get to here, you're seeing ankles. They're just seeing wall and you can see ankles there. But if this breach is closed, you can hold here. As they walk across, you're going to see their ankles as they go across. Or you can hold a more sort of aggressive angle here. Again, you can see the angle there. But you don't really want to be putting your face down there. You just hold. As soon as you see their feet, you know where their head's

[26:11]
going to be roughly there. Then we've got two rotates. And the reason we put the rotates there and here is to use this half wall. Say someone's on kitchen door. Don't shoot the door frame. Oh no, what am I going to do? I need to peek him from a different angle. Well, you can use this half wall for cover and then appear down the side of the half wall. The other rotate does a similar thing except for the main breach. So, if that main breach is open over there and you need to rotate through into sight,

[26:32]
you can. You can get closer here and then you appear and fire the breach. This wall gets reinforced as well because anyone that's on this window outside doesn't then just get a free shot into sight to cut off all the kitchen and the A bomb. Yes, we leave that one soft. I mean, you could reinforce that one if you wanted to. I don't particularly recommend it. I also sometimes will recommend doing a rotate like this and then you can even get from

[26:53]
here. You can get all the way around to here rather than having to go through here and then round this way. I don't mind that one as much cuz you can um even hold then that door from way back here. You can see that a nice angle. That's the corner by the way that goes through to game. So, you can hold that all the way back there. This wall gets reinforced. This wall doesn't. We make head holes here. And this is just to stop anyone jumping into trophy. You can

[27:16]
do that. I should have just ripped that down. But that means anyone who's on trophy just sees that reinforced wall. As they jump in, they're dead because you're playing back there. There's a lot of upstairs hole here. We've got a holes here. We can now hold west main stairs. West main window. Uh I sometimes also do a little fee hole here. Oh, excuse me. Little foot hole there. Then anyone that

[27:36]
jumps in that window and walks across, I can see their feet before they see me. And that's I'm talking about um this window here, by the way. This window, you can hold that window from above, which I haven't made the hole for yet. So, I'll show you where that is. It's right in front of the bath. You can hold that window from above here. So, if anyone was to jump in that window, let me make a cleaner hole than that. You can't really

[27:57]
see. There we go. Anyone wants to jump in that window, you can see that there. We've then got the usual um wall on this side, which is what we did when we're defending upstairs. This is for defending solar windows, but also if no one's on solar windows, you can use this wall now to defend anyone pushing through from office through this rotate. We make that rotate there. It's I make it as tiny as can be. So anyone that's

[28:17]
droning through the K9 door doesn't necessarily see it to begin with. Um I make it super tiny, but this is generally for the late round. You can also put a prox mine here if you're worried someone's about to use your rotate. But for the late round when you need vert, you're going to be able to come through here rather than going to go all the way around out of master through piano into office. It's a dangerous place to go. So, keeping that rotate there, I think is valuable.

[28:38]
There's an argument to say reinforce this wall as well, which I wouldn't necessarily argue with. I think you could probably do that and then play around here around office and around um master kind of playing a couple of blocks upstairs defending how you would as if you were defending the top floor. Couple of bits of vert to take note of. Um let me just reload the old shotty here. The front door or the kitchen door

[28:59]
is right there. So, you can hold the kitchen door from above. You've also got the reinforced wall and then a view to behind the table. There's the reinforcement that goes through into lobby. And this is the table. So you can get people planting over in this corner in this corner. Also, one hole about here. I always hit the floorboards right where the four boards cross, man. Every time. One hole right here will stop that

[29:21]
common plant spot there. People will run from the brereech all the way over to this plant spot. You're going to be able to see that from there. This is one of the most fun sites to play from above cuz you can make holes for everything. Um then back down inside. Let's go this way. Uh, open the hatch. Although I what I tend to do when it comes to playing this hatch is leave the hatch soft, but have somebody upstairs that can open it from a defender perspective if you need

[29:41]
to. So, impacts a shotty, a bailey, a DMR, whatever it might be. DMR, don't know what DMR is. Um, and then you can drop and defend obviously, but playing from above, you can see where those holes are. Now, that one holds the dining door. This one holds the plant spot that's tucked in right here. This one holds a line onto the brereech. And then can also see back here. No harm in opening the hatch if you need to. If you need an escape, remember you can drop

[30:02]
here, go straight up west main and come through this door. Um, ideally you want some wall denial here because this is right by the front door. What you don't want is attackers opening this door and then just throwing an ace charge on this wall and cutting off the site completely immediately. Like I said on the when we talking about the first site, put obstacles in place that attackers have to overcome. Yes, wall denial is easily gotten rid of because you're just using

[30:23]
EMP from the front door. You can come above and destroy it. But make them do that. Make them earn opening that wall cuz sometimes they won't. They'll forget the things. Like I said on the first sight, bear in mind you can get shot through this drone hole. It's a very common thing to see like an echo come and chill here and think they're absolutely sound sitting on the cams or a maestro. You're going to get toasty through that drone hole. Similarly, another I never say that right. I've

[30:43]
just said similarly for the first time like right first time ever. Also this drone hole here. You can't chill in this corner and hold this window. You're going to get toasted. And also you can't just hold here and wait for somebody to jump in that window cuz you're going to get toasted as well. I like playing upstairs. Um, we've got the usual holes for bottom salarium stairs and trophy window which you showed before. Can also do the same thing for bathroom window if

[31:05]
you want to. So, we can open that and hold bathroom window. It does get a bit fruity upstairs here like the office master area gets busy with attackers. I like playing leion up here if I'm honest with you cuz I can do all the side setup with the shotgun. Then I can start putting like goo mines here right on the rotate like here even on the door over there. And I have control of upstairs based on the sound of the goo mines. But it is a difficult place to hold on your

[31:25]
own cuz you've got the piano window, the bathroom window. You've got a couple of windows and a couple of egress, no egress entry points even. Sorry. Egress means exit, doesn't it? A couple of entry points and and obviously big window as well and salarium windows. If you're just up here on your own, you're going to get three attackers up here minimum and it's going to be tough to hold on your own. You need a bit of help. This is the base for holding upstairs in my opinion. I hold salarium

[31:46]
is where I start and then if need to, I can press if need to. If need be, I can press into master. I don't really start an office that often cuz it's generally a difficult place to uh to get out of. Like if as soon as this window gets open or big window gets open, bear in mind on big window, this is just a tip in general. Soon as you're on big window repel, you just cut the upstairs in half. You can hold all the way through to the other side. So if you're holding

[32:07]
this angle, no one can cut back to this area, this side of the map. Everyone's on this side because they can't like pass through piano. Obviously, they can't come through this rotate. You just need to hold this doorway here and no one can cut through. So if you soon as you hear this window open, you generally don't want to be caught this side of the map when you're defending downstairs. So yeah, drop down, defend down here if you need to. Behind the bomb's a strong

[32:27]
place to hold depending on the vert because you can be behind here and then peek the feet holes. Like imagine if you were here as an attacker. Oh no, this field. What do I do here? And by the time you're here, you're dead. Like through this hole here, I make a punch hole there. You can play behind the bomb and that's where their head would be. Exactly there. By the way, a bomb's a really good thing to use as a guide for your crosshair placement. When you stand

[32:49]
next to a bomb, your head is always like right in just above. So, whenever you're wondering where head height is and you're looking at a bomb, find the corner of the bomb and then obviously the actual canisters itself. And then it's just this area here. Same on this side. It' be that area there. Really good marker for where head height is for you. Um, and that's about it. I think I really like this site. I actually would prefer to play this site than upstairs.

[33:10]
I think upstairs is a bit poo. I think it's too easy to attack. All you got to do is get a mess, open that window, uh, open that bridge, and you can plant behind half wall. I don't like it. I think it's hard to hold. I think this is an easier site. You can split your defense a little bit more. Yeah, these rotates are important. I've already said that. Repeating myself now, but yeah, that'll do. That's dining kitchen. I think this might be my favorite site on the map. And I know that's

[33:31]
controversial. Bar gaming. No messing. Get the jukebox gone. And alas, finally, we have Bar Gaming, which in my opinion is actually the best site to defend in terms of it's technically the best site. I know I just said that about kitchen dining, but bargaming is an easier site to defend if you're a five stack. If you're not a five stack, this is a really tough site to defend, especially

[33:52]
because the direct site window. You can just hop in there. But this is on paper, in my opinion, the best site, well, easiest site to defend if you know what you're doing. If you don't know what you're doing, it's the most technical site and worst site to defend. So it really does go both ways. So we're going to start here in stock. We reinforce the left side. We can make a head hole. Look out to the side window. And of course then we can peek here as well. Same with

[34:13]
the hatch. See it there. See it there. Also see this door from here. Some people reinforce this side, but I don't like doing that cuz then you're trapped here. You can't go across this way. Like you can't cross these head holes that would be here. Bit like what we talked about on Salarium with the first side. Then we come into bar and we just have two rotates behind the bar. So you can go either this side to look at this door or you can come this side and then you're covered from the uh um ivy jungle

[34:36]
door. So ivy is above and then this is jungle here. Excuse me. I've got a bit of something in me throat. This is jungle. Then we can come back through this way. We can make ver holes here if you want to for the library above. Just obviously bear in mind there's a bloody window here. But the majority of this site is going to be defend defended actually away from the two rooms that

[34:57]
you'd think they'd be defended. One thing I want to say, definitely make sure you put something on blue stairs, a prox mine here, maybe a banshee, wherever you put it. You need something on blue stairs. People will rush snowmobile garage door. We'll rush trench and just come up here and they'll be here within 20 seconds peeking into this area and you didn't even realize they were there. People forget bottom blue stairs all the time. They remember

[35:17]
top blue, they forget bottom blue. Don't forget that. All right, going upstairs. You probably want to put a shield in the classic place right across there and then play here. That way you can hold the mez window. You can hold the ivy jump in. You can hold piano. You can hold this office if it gets open obviously into library as well. Now the library setup I haven't done yet. Well, I did that wall, but I also want to show you the same thing again. It's like what

[35:39]
we did when we defended upstairs. You want to be doing the single wall and again this wall here. Hello. Can you reinforce? Thank you. We've left the hatches soft, which is something you should definitely do. You There's an argument maybe to reinforce this one. I don't really agree with it, but definitely do not reinforce this hatch because this is going to be one of your main places to stop the

[35:59]
default plants, which is down here between behind this half wall. Holding on to library on this site is absolutely imperative. If you lose library, you're going to really struggle to defend the rest of the site. You've got to have three people up here minimum. Someone hiding behind the shield that's here. An ADS or two at least on like the well, drop the shield back a little bit and put the ADS behind here. You've got to

[36:19]
be defending this area with so much. Even a late Roma or a late lurker who can come up solar stairs to be like playing around this area as well because the attackers are going to be wanting to take office to open this wall and this wall and then push over into library. It really is a tough site to defend, but if you know what you're doing, I think it's the best. So, here's the angles obviously from the hatch. You can hold that door. You can even hold that door over there. Again, this hatch is mainly

[36:41]
here to stop that jump in in from game's window. There are a couple of things you can do on this site like just play here. This is called suicide. You can play here as a dock or you're basically just giving your life up. They you know you're going to get droned out. You know you're going to get seen. You're probably going to have nades thrown at you which is why you want to be playing dock. But it's a it's a really fun place to play. I remember a pro league match

[37:02]
once where someone was playing in this area and they the attackers cap firebolted this area off and the dock just healed through it. Like he was tanking the capital fire and like used two stims to heal himself back through the fire. It was M. I think it was like NAL about 3 2 3 years ago or something. But yeah, you've got to be holding on to this. The A is a zombie. Exactly the same setup as before. One KA barrier on

[37:23]
here, one KA barrier on here, and one barrier on here. Exactly the same as we did before, just to hold me. Bear in mind, you have a bit more pressure underneath you this time. But yeah, we reinforced that side. Don't reinforce that side. If you want to, you can make another hole for blue stairs like we did. Oh, sorry, wrong wall. My bad. Like we did before. All blue stairs from there. But you're going to have a player there anyway. So, it's less important. But

[37:44]
holding upstairs is is super key. Downstairs, we've got the feet holes in games. And I know some people don't like this either because they say that you can just then be as an attacker over here, you can play book, open this wall, and then just start firing into that, which I kind of agree with as well. But it also means as a defender, you can be playing behind the bar, and you can see right the way through to kitchen all the

[38:05]
way back there. And then this one's just for if you see anyone coming in through um mud, which is here. Also watch the mud rush. People jump ash charge us with no get to here and get a free pick on this angle all the time. Please watch that. A mirror on the stalkering window and the stock wall, sorry, is is obviously really strong. There's no vert here. So putting a

[38:26]
mirror here is really strong. You've just got to super watch this wall. I haven't talked about this yet. If you don't reinforce this wall, the site's absolutely over. But a little tip, what you can do on attack is if you bring Maverick and one other player, you can get Maverick through the snowmobile breach here. You can bring him up to here and you can mav torch a line across the bottom of this wall and you have your teammate just holding this angle. As soon as it gets mav torch, you shoot

[38:47]
through the angle and you'll I can guarantee you a kill 97.6% of the time because there is always a player in stock here. There has to be for the defense to work. There has to be a player in stock. So having a line across there and you just shoot their ankles out as they come in. The plant obviously main plants through this window and also the push through games from kitchen. Something you got to bear in mind. It's the best site technically

[39:08]
to defend, but the hardest site to defend, if that makes sense. If you know what you're doing, it's the best. If you don't know what you're doing, it's the worst. Um, so avoid this site if you're not a coordinated at least four stack. Uh, but if you're coordinated five stack, this site is mustered. So, there we have it. The setup for 2025. In my opinion, as with all setups on every map, rotate some side, reinforce some side, different things change for

[39:29]
different people's opinions, the way you play the game. In my opinion, they are the best overall ranked setups in Pro League. They probably wouldn't work. There's no doubt about that. You would have feet holes in some places. You have head holes that you wouldn't reinforce. You might reinforce. We're not in pro league. And it's worth remembering that. You see a lot of recommendations on Reddit saying, "Oh, just go and watch Pro League games and do what they do." Do not do that in ranked, especially if you're not high level ranked because

[39:50]
it's not the same game. Well, it is the same game, but you know, it's you wouldn't use the same tactics in the Champions League final that you use at Sunday league down the road. You know what I mean? Think about it like that. So, thanks as always for getting involved. Don't forget you can subscribe on Twitch just once and you get the charm forever. I've got a charming game. Don't know how, but I have. Um, all you got to do is subscribe once on Twitch. You can keep it going if you want to, or you can cancel it after one month, and

[40:11]
you still get the charm on your account forever. It increases your KD by 0.2 and you have less chance of running into cheaters if you run the charm. That is official. Officially said by me. So, yeah, do all the good things that help me out. If you would subscribe, comment, like, and all that sort of stuff. If you don't know what to comment, comment uh spam. I've got a kind of spam here uh that I keep uh spare things in like bottle openers and tweezers and a little

[40:32]
uh pen knife if I need to open packages. They're good things to keep things. I don't know why I'm showing you me spam count. Comment spam kind of if you don't know what to comment. It helps with the algorithm and it lets YouTube like push the video to more people. So yeah, we're starting the defensive setups again for 2025. Thanks as always for being involved with the channel and I'll see you next time. All the very best.
