Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oK4VcBrntmI
Map: Fortress
Side: Defense

[00:00]
And boom. Hey up troops. A little here again with another video. It's time to look at the setup, the defensive setup for Fortress. Fortress was reworked and added at the start of this season. I've played it probably eight or 10, maybe 12 times in rank now, and I'm really starting to enjoy it. The top four especially, the bottom four, I haven't played that much. I still know how to

[00:21]
set up the waiting cafe um sites. We will talk about that. However, the ham site, ignore it. So, this video will contain the commanders and bathroom site, the dorms and game site, the cafe waiting site downstairs, but not the fourth site, the ham site. I don't think it's worth playing. Don't consider it at the minute. Maybe we'll work on some kind of strat that makes setting it up

[00:42]
worthwhile. Makes defending it a bit easier. It's the hardest to defend. It's the easiest to attack. Those two things don't lend itself well to for a good site to defend. Go the top floor first and then look at cafe waiting below if you win those two first. Let's get into the setup. up. We're going to look at all the rotations, all the reinforcements, head holes, feet holes, whatever you might need to set up the top two floors especially, and then cafe

[01:04]
and waiting, which I'm not 100% on. I go on about this in the video a little bit, but I'm there or there about to the top two floors though, we'll bob on. Right, that's enough waffling. Let's just get stuck into it. Right, then let's get started with bathroom and commanders. And we'll start by talking about this area here, which is called museum on uh on the compass, but everyone seems to be calling it horse. I just want to preface

[01:25]
this with I knew nothing about Old Fortress and everything I'm going to tell you here is what I've learned from playing probably about eight or 10 games this season. Now, I'm going into custom games as well. So, I've got a decent understanding, mostly the top four, but I'll come on to that later. So, um when defending um Commander and Bathroom, there's a couple of things you need to be uh mindful of, and this is one of them. This area here is absolutely huge.

[01:46]
It's kind of like the one depending where the attack comes from. This is a really key area to hold on to and you've got to hold on to this area here. In my opinion, I would probably play a shield here and then play a wai in this area that compete both sides of the door. Use prox alarms to know if someone's coming through the door or if someone's coming up the stairs here or if someone's coming behind them down this corridor. A

[02:06]
good place for a prox alarm here is on one of these lights. So, as the attackers are pushing down this corridor, they don't see it because it's on the other side of the light and you get a decent fall warning before they get to the side door. But yeah, holding a Is that Cade? Is that Is that like young I think that's young Cade. Good for him. Um, so yeah, playing around horse or museum. Everyone's calling it horse. Super important. I also think

[02:27]
opening this hatch is a good idea because it gives attackers a bit of a problem depending on the what you can always get across there. There's enough space to get across, but it gives attackers a bit of a problem when it comes to getting across there. You know, they see that they know they can't just put they can't have perfect crosshair placements as they try and navigate this hatch. That covers this area. Now, let's talk about reinforcements quickly before

[02:47]
we move on. So, we've got a reinforcement on the left hand side of the commander's wall looking out to horse. Now, you can hold both sides from here as well. This doesn't really give the attackers anything. If they get in, if they get in towards horse and they kill the guy playing horse, then yeah, they can see into sight of it. But this also means you can defend out there. Otherwise, if you reinforce both of these, I think there's a decent chance attackers have too much control in that

[03:08]
area there. We've then got a reinforcement on the left hand side of the back commander wall and a rotate on the right. Now, this is optional, but I think that this is a good time here because there's a recess here and here before you see out towards construction stairs. Uh, sorry, renovation stairs and before you see out towards the main stairs there. Eagle stairs as people are

[03:28]
calling it because there's a bloody big eagle there. Although, might be a falcon. Not sure. Um, I think we put a rotate here at the start of the round. And then as drones come down these stairs, because obviously everyone gets on to into the building from the roof. as drones come down these stairs and as drones come up these stairs, you spend the first 20 30 seconds of your round

[03:48]
just putting a bit of pressure on here. Because if you start the round with both of these walls reinforced, if you play a defender here, there's no way out. There's no way you can go. You're trapped. You're in trouble. So, I think you start with a rotate here. Bit like you do on Oregon in Elbow where you'll put a rotate there and then back up and reinforce it. I think that's what you do. You start out, you get a drone or two, force someone to throw a frag to

[04:09]
clear you out, and then you go, "Yeah, fair doo." You can concede that space, and then you go behind the reinforcement. But by doing that, you may have got two drones out of it and made the attackers use a frag grenade or two or a ying candal or a couple of grim canisters, whatever it might be, but you've made them soak a bit of utility before you go back in and hunker up. Because otherwise, they drop down, if they're both reinforced, this is exactly the

[04:31]
same scenario. I'll talk about it in a second. They drop down renovation here and they've got this is reinforced. Both of these are reinforced. The only thing they have to worry about is an attacker that will be playing down this hall or playing on these stairs. Now, um just quickly about these stairs, and this video is going to go on a while cuz I've not even got to the actual main setup yet. I'm just telling you what I think is a good idea. I think these stairs,

[04:52]
depending on where the attack comes from, because it obviously can come from this side or over on dorms, which we'll talk about in a bit. Um, I think these stairs are a really solid anchor point. You know, like if you see in Pro League, you see um, uh, really good teams holding blue stairs with a smoke. I think this is one of those places where you'd put barb wire or a prox alarm down here or on up here and you'd be able to get notification of anyone pushing up

[05:13]
the stairs. But then from here, you'd be able to defend all of this corridor. the breach that goes into bedroom which is here which we'll talk about later and then the breach which goes into commanders there. It means that the attack if you give attackers free reign of this corridor, you're going to have a bit of a problem because they've got two walls to open. Um it's a soft wall as well so they can get the bandit batteries off from below. Uh let me pop

[05:33]
that there. And you can see they can just get that from below. So it's not like it's a safe bandit trick either. But I would start with a rotate here, absorb some utility, then concede the space, force the attackers to use utility, and then go in and reinforce behind there. You've then in commanders, you have got a lot of cover you can play behind depending where the attack's coming from. This is a solid uh anchor

[05:54]
spot here and defend onto that wall and then obviously onto horse um or museum. And then obviously you can play behind the black boxes as well. You can put shields in good play. You got like a shield across here which means you can use the black boxes and the shielding combined to to fight onto this breach. Exactly the same scenario here in bedroom. Same reason I don't same again. So start here get a few drones that come

[06:15]
down put a bit of pressure on maybe even try and get a cheeky C4 kill then go in concede the space make sure you make the attackers earn that area of the map. Like now for example if we're an attacker that's reinforced and that's reinforced. That whole corridor behind those two walls is free and they've got free rain. That's right. It's too easy for them in my humble opinion. That covers commanders. Then we go over into

[06:38]
um bedroom. This is a good spot to play right here. Um so I'm wondering what order to tell you this in. Yeah, let's talk about bedroom. So bedroom isn't the site, but it's a a room that connects to both doors of the site. Okay. So from bedroom, you can now defend the wall there looking onto commanders. You can even defend the head holes for a horse. And you can come around here and defend onto horse here as well. And then from

[07:00]
bedroom, you can also then defend into bathroom. And this is a very common spot for people to open and try and plant here. And then from bathroom, you can throw C4s, smokes, whatever you're going to play. This is like an insanely strong bunker spot because from here, you can also hold the the horse door as well. And you're not a million miles away from them defending onto the the commander wall as well. So that's why we put the

[07:20]
rotate here. So from commanders, we have head holes out toward horse. Start with an early rotate, but reinforce it late in commanders. Start do the same thing in master bedroom where you start with a rotate then reinforce it. We have a rotate that goes through the soft wall between commanders and bathroom directly. Then also a rotate between master and bathroom. That's the direct area of the site. We've then got to talk

[07:42]
about this area of the map um which is over on the other side. I've seen mixed um attacks on on this map. Most people attacking from the dorms's game side over there, but I have seen people attacking from the commander side here. So on the bathroom triple wall, we've reinforced the left and the right side, and we put a rotate bottom right. And

[08:02]
then over here on the dorms's wall, briefing to dorms wall, we put a rotate on the right, and we put head holes on the left. And then the last bit of uh information is over here. Well, second to last actually, we've reinforced both dorms walls. And then over here in games, we put head holes on the wall here. So let's start furthest away from sight and work our way back. This is a very common spot to

[08:25]
to jump into the map from. Much like the renovation stairs, this is old tower stairs and you um people come in from the roof and just drop down here. You'll have seen it a million times. We make head holes here. And the reason we do that is early on in the round, we can stand here and get drones that come through here or through the vending machine window. You can do the same from here as well. You can get any drones

[08:46]
that come past. You can also get a bit of a cheeky angle. If I ping that there, you can see where the drop is. That's exactly where an operator would land. As they drop from there, they're going to land there. As soon as they land, right, they're having a look. And that's this little angle here. You can just get behind this wall. Lovely little angle. Um, you can also then throw C4s behind there if you want to. I recommend just having your gun up, but you can throw a

[09:06]
C4 there ready for someone to drop if you think they're going to drop. And then what you have to do with this map is, like I've talked about on other maps, is you've got to defend in layers. So don't just start in sight and give the attackers all of this. Shoot the radio. Um, give them all of this space. You've got to start further away from sight and then concede the space over time. So, you start out here in Doug

[09:28]
Games. You'll get a drone or two. Use these headles to try and put a bit of pressure on there. Bit of vending machine window pressure. Use this gas pipe to your advantage. Fall off. You've then got this area here to defend. And now you've got a door here to defend behind. Head holes here for dorms. And also you can use this door here to peek into games from these head holes. Again, you want to be here as

[09:50]
long as possible. I thought I felt like I was in a game then. I thought somebody just grenaded that. I forgot I shot that. Uh, and then from here, this is another layer that you want to defend and make them earn the space. You've made them earn the old tower space. Now, you've got to make them earn the game space and the dorm space. And then as you move back, you've got the rotate here. And this is another one of those late reinforcements where if you need

[10:10]
to, you pull back. Idea being that the attackers are going to use a hard breach on the dorms wall to get the dorms wall open. They might use a hard breach on this wall to get this wall open. And again, you're soaking that utility as you fall back through the map. There's a lot to defend on this map in my opinion. There's a If you think about a couple of other sites on other maps, I think

[10:31]
there's a lot more to do on this on this map and on this site. I feel like you have to extend and the other top four sites is very similar to this. I feel like you have to extend uh in terms of a defense a lot more than you do on other maps. So yeah, start by um over by old tower. Then you come into games as your next lane. You can drop off to games to this door again using these head holes

[10:52]
and this door angle. And then you can drop finally back into sight and reinforce here. What people are going to try and do oh there's a there's another um layer you can also think of as well where if you you're in door you're in briefing, sorry, and they force you back here, you can obviously go through that rotator. What I would do is I would ask somebody in sight to reinforce that as you then fall back to here. Um, and this is

[11:13]
another layer because what the way that you attack this site from this side is you want to get this wall open on the left hand side here. And then you want to plant in the bathroom behind this half wall here. And this is the dream plant spot. And you can have an attacker holding this corridor from here to stop anyone swinging you from there. And then you have another attacker where this breach is open just holding this area

[11:34]
here. And you can get the plant down with three people. Obviously, this is um you've got to have some kind of smoke or you've got to have some kind of sense um to get a plant off here to cover this angle because don't forget there's someone here. This is why I was talking about with the C4 with the smokes, you can play here and just chuck a C4 over the top there. It's a bit of a risky plant spot, but it's what I've had most success doing is is planting there.

[11:56]
Also, you can plant on this door um because anyone here now, they can't get to you. Um so, you can plant tight on the door. You can like back up into the door and plant here. As long as you've got this breach open and you've got somebody watching that door there. This isn't attacking guide. I'm just telling you this because as a defender, you need to know this. Um I will do an attacking guide though. You can plant on this door here and then that will mean this wall

[12:18]
stops the angle from the horse door and anyone here can't throw a smoke here without sort of you I mean you could drop a smoke on the floor and it might reach there but it's a lot harder than just throwing a smoke there. So this this door works well. So defending this side again, defending layers head holes there. Reinforce that, move back, reinforce this bathroom wall if you need to later on. And then back in the

[12:39]
bathroom side. So in short, we start in commanders by having a reinforcement on the left, headoles on the right to defend into horse re. [clears throat] Excuse me, that's just gone down the wrong way. [laughter] Reinforce on the left or right. Doesn't really make a difference. Uh on one side, put a rotate on the other to stop drones. uh early on in the round or you

[13:02]
can just play down this corridor early on in the round, stop the drones coming down and then retreat down here back into sight if you want to. You can reinforce them early. Exactly the same thing in master. Start with a bit of a rotate there to shoot drones, absorb utility, then reinforce it. Rotate from commanders into bathroom. Rotate from master into bathroom. Good

[13:24]
anchor spot in this area here. Rotate on the third wall on the right hand side from bathroom into briefing. Reinforce later on if you need to reinforce the right side of the briefing wall, head holes on the left, and then finally two reinforcements on the briefing wall.

[13:45]
That's the way I set up this site. That's the way I've had the most success with it. If you watch the solo queue video that I think's got Mozy on the thumbnail, you'll see a good example of defending this area in layers. Mozzy's great for this. Because attackers want to Oh yeah, headles here again to watch the drop. I forgot to mention that. Mozzy's great for this. Mozzy's great for layer defending because attack especially somewhere like this, right?

[14:05]
Attackers have only got this door to come through here. Granted, we've made these head holes, but the attackers have only got one door to come through here. One pest on that door scuppers any of their droning plans. And as soon as you absorb a drone, you can then obviously use it yourself. That's exactly what I did in the solo queue video that's got Mozzy in the thumbnail. You know what? Whilst we're here, let me load that up.

[14:26]
I'll show you what that looks like. It's this video where you gone mozzy. It's not that one. It's this one. It looks like Hang on. This isn't very professional, but it's what we're doing. Uh, it's Sorry, bear with me. Videos. Here we go. It's that one there. Solo Q series. This is why Mozy is now an S tier Roma. That has got this fortress

[14:46]
defense in. Exactly what I've just talked about. Watch out. Uh, not that one. 21. Uh, I am Mozy here. Sorry. Again. There you go. So, this is this is exactly what I'm talking about. This is a live example, right? So, we start a bit further back. You know what? I'm don't care how long this video goes on. This is a really good example of what I'm talking about. 13 minutes we spent

[15:07]
on one site, but never mind. See, I'm playing Mozy. I've now got a drone on the drop. I can see they're going to drop. Let me skip a little bit. I'm now defending further into games like I just mentioned. Is this in the right resolution? I passed all. Yeah. Um, so I'm now absorbing. You see that? Drone destroyed. Drone destroyed. coming down there now and I'm defending in layers. I've now got the the drone

[15:28]
myself over on the old tower stairs by the drop. I can see there's two operators. There's a book and I think it's a a grim. I'm now revealed by Grim, but it's not the end of the world. I'm holding and defending in layers. &gt;&gt; And now I've got the now gone back to the next layer. So, back now outside the briefing door, but we've still got Legion in there &gt;&gt; and I'm going to use me drone to find

[15:50]
out where they are. And I can see that Book's now tucked in the corner. But all this white, look at where his army is. Look at where the legion is in briefing as well. I'm just giving my team information on where he is. I now push back into the layer that I previously gave up because I know we've got a numbers there. And now we can put pressure on the book. Um the vict the the um the legion then is obviously

[16:10]
putting pressure on as well. I'm having a look where the book is. I've still got information to where he is. He's in there. There's two this side. He's going to book through. I'm then going to push through because I know he's gone through there, etc., etc. That's a live example. So, if you watch that full video, you'll see exactly what I'm talking about. That's mad. That's video inception. I've just watched my own video whilst making another video. But I just want to show to you that that I know when people make

[16:31]
these videos, you're like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, but will that actually work in a real game?" Go and watch that video. You see this exact sort of layer defending work perfectly. So, that's the first top floor site. 15 minutes on that. Have you got it all? Write it down with [laughter] pen and paper. Let's go on to the next site. So, we're on to dorms and games. um with there is a radio in here

[16:51]
as we found before. I had to learn where that was. Shoot the radio. So, slightly different but similar sort of premise. So, difference here is we've reinforced the single wall here that looks towards old tower. We've reinforced the left side of the games room out towards what I'm calling the vent, excuse me, vending area and vending window. We've then got a little

[17:12]
hole here which we'll talk about in a minute. And then we've got a reinforcement similar to what we did on the other side with the on the right hand side of the briefing wall with a rotate on the left this time and some continued head holes. Little rotate down into bathroom. We'll come to that in a minute. Two reinforcements there for the uh both the door walls. This needs to be bandit

[17:32]
tricked if you can or cade tricked or tuberc tricked. Um when you're bandit tricking little thing, you've got to be careful of this window. So obviously on attack, if you ever want to get rid of the bandits on that wall, all you need to do is come to this window, aim your grenades, sort of bounce off that wall there, and that'll get the the the bandit off the wall. Obviously, play an ADS or a one magnet there. That's the

[17:53]
beauty of siege, right? Well, they've reinforced the wall, so you bring thermite. Well, I brought bandits, so because I brought bandit, cuz they brought thermite, they're going to bring nades to get me off that wall. Well, no worries. Because they brought nades, we bring an idiot. That's the beauty of siege. But anyway, you get where I'm going with that. So, this wall, I'm going to be completely honest with you, I'm on the fence with. I don't know

[18:13]
whether we reinforce this. I don't think we do because if we do reinforce that, once this breach is open, you can just plant up against the reinforcements. And the only area you have to cover as an attacker is anyone swinging around these lockers. I I don't like reinforcing next to breaches cuz it gives someone an easy place to plant. Um, I don't think that's a good idea. Do you reinforce this side? I don't think so either. I think we just

[18:35]
leave that soft. The reason I made this hole here is cuz whoever's bandit tricking can then defend a bit of vending machine and also can peek onto the single wall a little bit or just defend the walk-in from the games door which is there on one ping. I'm I'm still super on the fence with this wall. I I this is what I do at the minute. This may change in the next I don't know couple of weeks when I'm playing Fortress a little bit more, but I think

[18:55]
that's what I'm I think is the best thing to do at the moment. So the way we defend this site is again in layers. You start let's talk about this area here by vending. You start out further away. We stop any drops of drones coming from uh old tower here and anyone dropping obviously down from old tower. You got to be careful of this window. And also be careful of this window. This is on the stairs for us, but the enemies,

[19:16]
there's a platform outside there that they can stand on. Um so it's where some people just hang around and hope to get a free kill from this angle as an attacker of anyone sort of walking around here. So just be careful of those windows. This area is here, excuse me, probably the most important area to defend uh on this site. And you've got to put a rotate here into the site. And if you can play in a zombie with a

[19:38]
couple of keepers or a keepa barrier coming from there and then a ka barrier from here. So you've got a shield from sort of the old tower drop and from the vending machine window jump in. It's a spicy area to play. It's busy, but it's good fun. Put someone who's good mechanically here if you get the option. Uh if not, play someone who's got a deployable shield and you put the deployable shield like there and then just play further back behind it. You don't have to remember when you're

[19:58]
playing behind a shield, you don't have to be right up against it. You can put it there and then just be a bit further behind it. If there is a shield there, the enemies are going to try and get rid of that shield straight away. So, an ADS just in this doorway here or just in this doorway here would be ideal early round. So, as a nade flies past, the ads just snags it out the air and you'll probably die playing here. Um, it's a tough place to play, but it has to be

[20:20]
defended. When you're defending this site, you can't give the attackers this area around vending machine and old tower. You can't give that up straight away. Otherwise, they've got a breach here. They've got a breach here. There's loads of ways into the site. You've really got to extend there. Then we come over to briefing which again for me is a really solid place to play. Um you can defend both um site entrances from old

[20:42]
tower and here from central stairs. I think that's central stairs over that way. Sorry before I I get two staircases mixed up. Let me make sure that's central stairs before I tell you the wrong thing. Okay, here's central stairs. Thank god for that. So you can hold those two entrances to sight. But of course, attackers, and I've had this a few times, attackers do push this side, and they push through into bedroom

[21:03]
and bathroom, then into briefing. I should edit that out. I won't edit that out. Um, they push from this side, from the north side of the map, across bedroom, bathroom, across into briefing, and then push into this side of the site. I've seen that a few times. It's more common to push from the south side

[21:24]
using this breach here in old tower, but it does happen the other way. So, briefing is like a good place that's central within the site where you can be both sides. You can have an effect on both things. And don't forget, you can smoke over the lockers or you can see over the lock C4 over the lockers as well towards the brereech, which is where, excuse me, sorry, [snorts] I should edit that out as well. I won't. Uh, which is where most of the pressure

[21:44]
comes from in my experience on this site. We've got a rotate here into bathroom. And this again is just for Romas that can extend further away. Also same rotate here into bathroom. And I've made one sort of hole here where instead of making a full rotate and then reinforcing it and moving on, which you can do like what we talked about on the other side. Just make a hole here to

[22:05]
stop any drones that are coming down early round and then fall back. But again, you can't give it up too early. I There's something about this map that makes holding space more prominent than other maps. For me, it is prominent on other maps, but I feel like it's really prominent on this map. So, yeah, we've got that ro hole there to to try and catch early drones coming down renovation. Obviously, you can rotate

[22:26]
back out here towards the bathroom door and back towards briefing or you can use this rotating bathroom and then the rotate there into briefing just so you've got way more maneuverability around those three rooms. Once again, you can't just hunker up in the site and give horse to the attackers either. They will probably push through horse and then we'll eventually get down towards bathroom here. So if you wanted to reinforce this late again, there'd be

[22:47]
nothing wrong with that at all. Um, and that is bunks, sorry, dorms and briefing. I feel like this hasn't taken quite as long because a lot of what we talked about on the first site is relevant here. You know, I don't have to mention about extending the defense and then slowly falling back in it. It's the same thing again here. Um, I'm just this wall I'm still up in the air about a little bit and you know, things may

[23:08]
change them. I've only been playing the map for like a month or two and in that month or two I've probably played it eight times, nine times. So, um, yeah, I think this site is is good. I think it's a solid site. I think the two top four sites are about even. This one's probably a little bit more difficult cuz there's an external breach um and there isn't an external breach with the other sites

[23:29]
upstairs. So, yeah, I I I do prefer the um the the um commander and commanders and bathroom site, but yeah, Dorms Games still a good site. Uh oh, yeah, what I was going to tell you about bandit tricking. Sorry, I was going to tell you about watch out for that window. But as bandits, when you're here, don't stand up cuz you get domed. But there's a nice little angle here behind these flight

[23:50]
cases, which you can hold to try and stop people getting you off that window. So, you know, you can be bandit tricking. You're safe to be banned. If you're crouched, you're safe at all times, and you can have a little a little peek out and see what's going on over there. Also, you can't get shot through this bed. So, like we talked about on the other site when I mentioned attacking plant spots. I haven't tried this yet, but I'm sure that one of the easier ways

[24:12]
of planting on this site is to open this breach. So, no one can stand in dorms. Once that wall's open, no defender can stand here, right? So, then you come to this window, these stairs, and push around from horse, which is here. And if you were to play a smoke as like an operator with smoke grenades or even better a sense, roll the sense roou

[24:34]
projector along there and then you walk in and plant there. And you can't see feet, by the way, cuz there's flight cases underneath from that wall. You could maybe get a bit of an angle if you were to loot there as a defender. But I mean, that's a tight angle. And uh there's a sense projector in the way anyway. And you just tuck in here and plant. I think this is a nicer angle. You tuck in more rather than planting

[24:56]
here. I think you're more exposed to like the briefing area there. Whereas in here, you're really tucked in. I'm going to try that next time we attack. It's just Yeah, cut off that area. Maybe chuck a ying or two in from the brereech. Yeah, if you had Ying on the brereech and Ying just threw a candala towards the back of this room. Sent sent an RO curtain across there. Somebody just walks in and plants. Only thing you got to worry about there is this wall.

[25:16]
But I don't think you'd have to worry about that too much. Yeah, food for thought. I haven't really found a a a defined plant spot really. When I've been watching SI, a lot of the pros have been planting over here in this corner. This tends to be where they try and get to. So, they open the breach so no one can stand in dorms and then they'll take the big tower area which is here and then they'll try and get the the planter

[25:37]
over into that corner through here. And then again, just an ROU projector along there. And then you just walk along this straight line up into the corner here. I think that could work. You know, hard breach charge this wall and then anyone on attack can just be here holding the cut off for anyone through here and through there. Yeah, good. I think okay, I'm talking

[25:58]
myself into different ways attacking this site, but that is what this is about. It's about defending it. And in my opinion, that setup there is the best way of defending it in my opinion for now. I may change my mind here. I'll keep you up to date on that. So, then we come down to waiting and cafe. Uh there's a final site we do. As I said at the beginning, I don't I don't think that fourth site is even worth entertaining, so I'm not going to do it

[26:19]
in this video. But maybe we'll do it later on if I develop or other people develop some some of the strats. I've got to be honest, I haven't played the downstairs anywhere near as much. And my knowledge of the downstairs of the map is about 20% of what I know about the upstairs of the map. I've set this up how I think you should set it up. The first two sides we discussed, I am

[26:39]
confident that they're the best way of setting it up for now. downstairs. Don't take me word on this one, but I'm it's a work in progress, but I wanted to make the video because the two top floors are bob on. I think the problem that I'm having is when I'm learning the map and when I'm playing the game is you don't win both defenses every time. So, you don't always get to play this third tertiary site. So, I haven't practiced this as much. But anyway, here in cafe,

[27:00]
you've got a sort of random soft wall in the middle of cafe. We make a rotate there. So, there's easy movement around. It's great to then peek onto that room that goes out towards um laundry out there. So rotating here, the two cafe walls that way that go to infirmary. The single wall from waiting into infirmary. If you go into infirmary, you can see there's three walls there. One, two, three. Obviously separated by this wall,

[27:22]
which is this wall here. So yeah, single wall from waiting to infirmary. Double cafe walls into infirmary. We'll come on to infirmary cuz I think it's probably the most important room I think give or take. Single wall from cafe out to the corridor down here, main hallway as it's called on the compass. And then over on this side over in um in kitchen, we've got a triple wall. And this is the area

[27:43]
of map the map here that I don't know particularly well. Over on the laundry side of the ground floor, I've got an idea over here. This is where I'm a bit weak. Start going through this door here and I'm like, wait, where the bloody hell am I here? Um but the um the triple wall um sorry, the triple wall here. I've reinforced all that. I I think that

[28:04]
might be a bit of a work in progress. So I think do we reinforce all that or do we put head holes there because otherwise the attackers then got all of this control and dining. They can open a triple wall loads of place stuff to work around. I still think for now I've been reinforcing it but later down the line I'm we might go back on this video and go never reinforce the triple wall but I think that's where I'm at for now. Thing about this side with it being on the

[28:25]
ground floor is there's vertical that you need to consider. Um a lot of the attack will come from above. So when you're having a look at the ceiling above obviously that's very much solid floor. That's very much solid floor, but this is very much not solid floor. This is destructible floor. Um, and over here is solid floor as well. Um, but here is a lot of destructible. And this hatch is

[28:46]
very important. So, this is the hatch that's upstairs in briefing. So, we'll just nip upstairs and have a quick look at that. Then we'll come downstairs and talk about infirmary. And then here you've got laundry with another hatch as well. So, let's just nip upstairs into um briefing, which is where that hatches. So all that's vertical above is where we are now over in games. And then this is

[29:06]
the hatch that we just opened that goes through to infirmary down there. This is a a really solid position to be in. A lot of the plant just going to try and go down uh down here in in waiting. Uh obviously the verts above in cafe. So it's a really solid hatch to hold and then to drop and and make a playoff as well. It's not something I've really done much of when I've defended this

[29:26]
site. I've sort of just been in around here and I'm just trying to defend into laundry here um and down the central hallway. It's it I've probably played this silo three times so I need a lot more practice but um yeah the vertical is important. Right, going on to infirmary. This room has a door. Hello. Obviously going down to um the uh courtyard corridor as it says on the compass. Like

[29:48]
this is the bit where I'm like wait what's around this corner? Like just around here I'm not great. This is back to that triple wall that we just talked about. Yeah, it's just I'm a bit weak around this area of the map. But in infirmary, you've got the door here. And obviously the door from the outside comes straight into infirmary. You got a window here as well. And then you've got the laundry door which they can get access to here as well. Bear in mind

[30:08]
this this room will if you had an ace, for example, they could open the wall into waiting and the wall into cafe from here and have lovely cover and lots of things to hide behind whilst they do it. I think it's as an attacker, I think this is the room that you need to take. So have a decent attack onto site. So, as a defender, you've got to give this some focus. Um, I'm just thinking about

[30:28]
like shield positions, like maybe here behind this door and using the shield as a as a on that door. I think could be a good idea. And then if the breaches get open, you can defend that way as well. I think that would be a solid idea as a as a as a deployable shield. Not in the door, but on like an angle like that across there to just play behind it like that. Um, but yeah, I've got to be honest with you, that's how I set the

[30:50]
site up. I need more practice downstairs. The top two floors I'm on with. We're not even going to talk about the fourth floor. Uh the fourth uh site. I think it's absolute poo. It's down here. Um through these walls. There's a soft wall there you can get into the site from. Um but it's it's in here in Ham. I think it's pap. If I'm brutally honest

[31:10]
with you, this is that wall. It's it's very hard to defend. It's very easy to attack. If I were you, I wouldn't even entertain the idea of um of defending that site. So yeah, just going back to the the vertical. This is where I'm talking about the vert over the uh the B size there. Um down into into cafe below. So yeah, plenty of vert that can

[31:33]
be done. And then here on a looking down in towards the waiting door, but there's no ver in waiting. Remember, it's a solid floor. This is where we are now. But there is a hatch and you drop down. Hello. Solid floor. destructible floor where we were just making those holes. That's downstairs.

[31:54]
I need to play. Well, I keep saying it, but I don't want you to watch that and go, "What the is he talking about?" Top two floors on your man down here. Need a bit of practice. But I still think that's pretty right. If you've done a different setup to me downstairs and I've reinforced something that you think I shouldn't, absolutely get it in the comments and and suggest that you know that single waiting room wall that goes

[32:15]
through to infirmary. You got to leave that soft with headles so you can defend the infirmary window and the door over there. I'm open to suggestions downstairs. I mean, I'm open suggestions upstairs as well, but I'm just a bit more confident upstairs. Right, stop yapping. All three sides done. Um, that's Fortress. You know what? I am thoroughly enjoying playing Fortress. And you know what? I've seen gimps in

[32:36]
the community who are canceling games cuz they're on Fortress. The same gimps in the community who say, "Oh, Siege needs more content. It needs new maps. A new map comes out, a rework map comes out that's good, that's fun, that plays really dynamically, and people just go, "I'm not learning. That is rubbish." Right? So, we need more content. Here's a rework map. No, I'm not playing that.

[32:57]
Got you. Anyway, so there we have it. No excuse to lose a defense on Fortress ever again. Actually, I'm just kidding. Just a little shout out here, by the way, to someone who is in my in my community on Twitch mainly and obviously comments on these videos as well. Accident prone, who's been badgering me about making this video since the start of the season. So, thank you, mate, for getting on me back. I'm sorry it's taken the best part of a couple of months, but

[33:18]
I had to make sure I got it right, but I appreciate you uh badgering me about it so you can get off me back now. Anyway, um so yeah, that's the uh the setups done and dusted. A really good map. I think it's a good addition to the pool. I've really enjoyed playing it. [music] It's It's overwhelming and daunting at first when you look at a new map and you're like, "Well, I don't know where I'm going." And you're massively out your comfort zone. Just spend 20 [music]

[33:39]
minutes um going into a Look, in fact, you know what? I'm going to I'm doing a bit of an outro here, but I'm going to change this and I'm going to go back to this and I'm going to show you something quickly. If you want to learn a map, go to playlists, go to custom game, go on create local. Create a new custom game called create new playlist. Mine's just called test. Create new playlist. test

[34:00]
and then edit playlist. Make sure it's on bomb and go to game mode settings. Change the prep phase to zero and the action phase timer to 1800, which is half an hour. And then you can change other settings in there as well. And in uh game settings, change the attacker roll defense swap to off. So if you die as an attacker, you come back as an attacker. Create that game. Make sure

[34:21]
you're on the right map, obviously. Then go into test. Make sure you're on you're on that playlist, right? So, you make sure you're on the right map. Creators player. Put yourself on defense. Load into the game. Remember, your prep phase timer is on zero. Your action phase time is on 1800 seconds. So, half an hour. You load into the game. You're on your own. Bear with me a

[34:43]
second. Come on. This just talk amongst yourselves whilst this loads. Uh, and this is how I learn maps. Pick. So, I'll do this as an attacker with sledge as well, but let's just pick um let's just pick R here. Not RX. Let's pick the chanker cuz we can open a load of walls. And then alls I do to learn the map is I'll spend 10 or 15 minutes just walking around opening walls

[35:05]
and just trying to see what's behind the walls. And then eventually you start going. It is easier to do this with sledge on attack by the way where you just walk through each wall and you go right. Okay. Oh, so that leads to there and that leads to. And if I put my hood back on. There we go. Now you can see I've got half an hour with just me and a map on me own. You will run out of ammo eventually, so just be conservative with

[35:26]
that. Obviously, you do have a lot and you can just see where everything is in the map. Oh, right. That leads through to there, right? Okay, cool. Best way of learning the map. Get in a map for half an hour. Take some soft walls down and have a bit of a play around with it. That is that done. Let me move then back over to here. Tada. So, that's the best way of learning the map. And obviously, just playing it.

[35:46]
Don't shy away from it. Don't cancel the map like I've seen people doing. Uh, just enjoy it. Yes, you're out your comfort zone, but that's a fun thing to try and learn. You might not win many games on it, but treat it as a learning process. Eventually, you'll know the map. I've really enjoyed that process. That'll do for a Fortress setup guide. I've actually released this video, I think, whilst I'm in Paris for SI. This

[36:07]
should come out on Friday night. So, I'm in Paris somewhere watching Invitational. All being well. Um, which is weird to say that cuz that's going to happen in two or three in two [music] days time. I fly out tomorrow morning. I need to get to bed really. I don't know why I'm rambling on at the end of a YouTube video. I'm not streaming. This is a video about setting up Fortress. Thank you for watching. Hopefully, it's helped you out a little bit. Thank you for getting involved with the channel.

[36:27]
All the very best.
