Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m1M_DE5xkM
Map: Kafe Dostoyevsky
Side: Defense

[00:00]
And boom. Hey up troops. A little here again with another video. And it's time to look at the new cafe setup for 2025. This is the Cjax version with the new rework in terms of the map ingredients and all that sort of good stuff. It's got all the rotates, reinforcements, headles, feet holes, and there's a lot of fetals in this map that you need to know to set up cafe and give your chance the best chance of winning. I always say this and I'll just say it very quickly

[00:21]
now. This isn't like proleague setups. This is the most generic rank setup. I say generic as in the setups that going to give you the best chance of winning no matter what rank you're at. Don't watch Pro League and try and emulate their setups if you're playing in gold. There's nothing wrong with playing in gold, but there's a reason they make head holes in certain places, and you need to know why. So, I'll show you the most sort of generic rank setup for

[00:41]
every rank, and hopefully it can help you win a few more games. That's enough waffling. Let's just get stuck into it. Okay, then. Top four. First things first, obviously, is shoot the speakers and shoot the clock as well. You've got to get rid of both of them for it to stop making noise, right? Um, we're going to start over by red hatch uh and new hatch and then we'll make our way across. So, of course, we got red hatch

[01:01]
and new hatch here. Just one thing to talk about quickly. This isn't really about the setup, but pretend this is a C4. If you can, it's always worth standing around here at the start of the round to seeing how they open the hatches. If you hear a DMR or if you hear a book or a shotgun or a baiff, then you don't need to do anything. If you hear a breaching charge on one of these hatches or if you hear a sledge on

[01:21]
one of these hatches, then as soon as you hear the breaching charge put up on the first hatch, run to the second hatch and throw C4. I know this is a proxal one, but pretend it's C4. Throw C4 if you've got C4, of course, because they're about to open the first hatch and then go and open the second hatch and you get a free kill. Honestly, I do it. You can see it on the stream. I do it maybe one in four rounds I get a free kill from doing this. But just be

[01:42]
careful and we'll talk about this a little bit on Cafe in general. It's quite easy to get cut off when you want to go back to where you're going. Like if someone's now on this window or if someone's now on this window or if someone's on the skylight, you can't just run through here anymore. You're going to get toasted from here. So you you can't suspend the first minute and a half waiting. The hatch is going to get open pretty quickly anyway. Into piano,

[02:02]
arguably the most important part of the map on this site that you need to defend. You want to reinforce the two walls that are at top red. Definitely get some denial on here if you can. It's a bit of an awkward place. No one really thinks about bringing wall denial for this site. Sorry, not wool denial, like attacker wool denial, if you know what I mean, like EMPs. No one really thinks about doing this. A lot of people just try and bring a Twitch through this drone hole. Mute is an excellent option

[02:24]
to play on this side to mute here. You can also mute here as well for the drone hole if you want to, but loads of good places for mute here. Excuse me. Hang on. Hay fever is killing me. Sorry, I should probably edit that out, but I'm not going to. Um, then we've got yeah, a mute jammer here or bandit cade here is super super useful. A zombie in this room again is also really really good. Putting a keepa barrier here and

[02:46]
one on the side of the stage here protects you from the windows and you can peek out onto top red. Be careful of the hatch and probably reinforce this hatch if you are playing as army in here. The reason I know this isn't strictly setup, but I've had few a few comments on other videos saying like the setup's good, but can you tell us a few operators to play in certain areas? So maybe I need to do another video about that going forward. But right, so that's the the top red area. Piano you've got

[03:06]
to hold on to. You can make if you want to play stage. I used to play stage all the time and jump out of this window. Um, but you can't jump out anymore. So, that's sort of gone now. But you can make nasty little kill holes here and you can as soon as somebody walks across there, always make the second one as well. The reason you make the second one, but you don't have a look on the second one, is as you're if you're an attacker peeking piano, you see the first punch hole and you start shooting

[03:26]
that first punch hole, but obviously someone's you can even make a third if you want to, but the first time they see a punch hole, they're going to shoot it and obviously you're hiding in the second one. It just gives you more of a chance of not getting domed in the um through the punch hole. Always shoot the glass off these windows. For those that don't know, I'm sure everyone knows at this point. Um sound on siege doesn't

[03:47]
permeate through glass very well at all. So if you smash the windows but don't destroy the barricade, yeah, glass um stops sound. So get rid of the glass and you'll hear people on propell a lot clearer. Then we come over to what's called pixel. You can get rid of this. You've got a bit more space if you want to play around here, which is always nice. But be careful of this window. You'll notice every time I say be careful, that's loud. Every time I say

[04:08]
be careful of this window. Um, that's a theme of cafe, especially top floor. So, this is one of the strongest points to hold as well. People used to play a shield here. Uh, with my remember had a shield. Oh, they were the times. Um, and you can hold the windows from here. Obviously, walking in from top red, you can stretch out to top red wall, but a shield here is super strong. Couple of ADS's behind the seat or behind the sofa

[04:29]
here. Doesn't go and miss at all. You've then got into bathroom. Now, this is a tricky one. This this wall is interesting because if you were to say to me, you want to reinforce this side and make head holes this side. I don't think I'd disagree with you. And let me give you the benefits of both and you can decide which one you want to do. The way we've got it at the minute means that you can stand this side of the wall. You can peek the both windows. The both windows. You can peek both windows

[04:50]
or peek the windows if you want to. And obviously also the uh cigar double door. And it means that you're safe behind this barricade to cross this way if you need to go this way round. If you reinforce this side, the benefits are you can peak both here and then here from here and then here. And it also means that when you're peeking this

[05:11]
side, you've got a bit of cover here. So it will pretend there's head holes here and this is reinforced. Yeah. So you could peek here, you would then be behind the reinforcement here and then you could peek around this side if you wanted to. The problem with that is that you can't um then escape really into bathroom. Whereas, if you play here and you stay this side of the reinforcements, you can just go straight back this side. If the reinfor if the

[05:32]
head holes are here, you've got to cross the head holes to get back into the bathroom, which is obviously a massive risk. There's benefits to both. I could see I I I think personally it's a bit safer playing it this way and then the person who plays pixel just plays the life. Um, you play here and you play not you don't play to die, but you play knowing you haven't really got an escape. So, you're just going to take every fight that comes. Excuse me again.

[05:54]
Oh, if you ever get the opportunity to not have hay fever, I highly recommend it. Why are there so many flies around the toilet? I've never noticed that teddy there before either. Why are there Why are we not I mean, it looks pretty clean in here, doesn't it? Why are we not cleaning the toilet? Flies everywhere. Right. Then we come on to the freezer walls. You always want to reinforce these unless you're playing a mirror here, but we're not talking about

[06:14]
that at the minute. Go and watch the mirror video if you want to have a look at how to do that setup. You can reinforce this side if you want to as well because that means then anyone who swings out from the new hatch area isn't just going to be firing through these walls. Means you get a bit more cover. I don't always do it, but if you were to reinforce this wall that would be okay as well. You always want to be reinforcing these walls because this is a sanctuary in here. This is freezer and

[06:35]
but this is freezer and this is bar storage or storage or bar store, whatever you want. It's actually called back store on the um bar back store, but everyone calls it bar storage or just storage. But then this is freezer. A lot of people call this freezer. This isn't freezer obviously. That's the freezer. This is a sanctuary. You can stay in here all around. However, obviously there's not very many ways out. Nice little angles to hold over to red from

[06:56]
here. But you want to reinforce these walls because you don't want the attackers having a line of sight through this area here. Unless, of course, you're playing the mirror here. As I say, go and watch the mirror video for that though. Then coming over to top white, we've got a a rotate here on the left hand side of the wall as you'll look at it from here. Obviously, the right hand side of the wall, you look at it from here. Don't put it this side. Reason being is you're going to get peak

[07:17]
from the skylight. I can't really show you the angle on the skylight up here, but you can see the rotate there from the skylight. Um whereas if it's at the back, you can pass through here and you can't be seen from the skylight. Imagine you pass through here, you can be seen from the skylight. So always put it on this side. We then come into cocktail. We've got a head hole here. And this is for standing on this desk or this bar.

[07:39]
And you can now see over towards the cigar double shot cigar shop door there. And I always make a punch hole here as well to do the same thing. It's a little bit cheesy and it's a little bit ratty, but you get some kills from this cuz nobody's peeking this. You've then got a reinforcement on the left hand side of the cocktail wall and a rotator on the right hand side. This is just so you can get through towards cocktail without having to um go through this door which

[08:01]
is going to be held from this door. If imagine there was an attacker, excuse me a second. Imagine there was an attacker holding this door like this, waiting for you to walk through. But you can sneak through that rotate crouched and hide behind this bar. There's also quite a few angles from there you can hold. So obviously you would come through here crouched. You can see the default plant spot like a pixel of it from here. Look

[08:22]
if I make a a shot there. That bullet hole is that one there. You can see all the way down the back of the desk there. You can see that that's the rotate there. Come around the back here. And that's where that bullet was. So you can see down the back of there which can be a nice angle if somebody crouches through. You can also get a nasty angle on the skylight from here. Bear in mind, don't stand in front of that door. You can

[08:43]
also punch through this if you want to. You can shotgun it, but obviously it's a lot more conspicuous if you shotgun it. You can punch all the way through it. And now you can hold that door as well if you want to. It is a little bit obvious though, so just be careful. Like you can see that that's a fairly obvious head hole there. You want to shoot out this bar and the long bar here. Um, if you've got an ORX, it's a lot easier, but just a a regular shotgun does a good

[09:05]
enough job. You want to shoot out the panels in the middle. Sorry, panels at the side. You can't shoot out this panel in the middle. Um, and it's the same over here. You want to be shooting out this bar. And that's so when people come in down from new hatch here, they drop and they want to try and plant behind this bar. They can't plant behind this bar because you can see them. So from here, you'll be able to see anyone

[09:25]
planting behind there. Then also the point of this one is to stop anyone planting. Another common plant spot, by the way, is like right here. So being able to stop the plant from there, you were to swing this and you'd see anybody planting behind the bar. It just doesn't give anyone a free plant spot. Excuse me again. I need to blow me nose before I do the next site. Um, that is Oh, yeah. We

[09:45]
haven't talked about these feet holes. Sorry. These are called feet holes on trash. And the reason they're called trash is cuz there's a big bin bag there. Or trash bag. Trash bag. Um, and they are feet holes. So, you can see if someone if so if someone drops new hatch and comes. So someone drops a new hatch here and comes around here to plant either here or another common plant spot

[10:07]
as I say is behind the bar or another common plant spot is right here up against this is called trash here. So those feet holes completely stop those plant plant spots. So you can see trash from here you can see behind the long bar here. And if you go a little bit further prone you can see the default plant spot there. You can also hold anyone just walking around from New Hatch. Bear in mind that the odds of you being in piano at the that stage of the

[10:29]
game is pretty late, but it means you could push up white here, peak this angle here, and stop the plan going down. If they if they've got attackers in piano, then you're not going to be able to make use of those feet holes, but there's no reason not to make them. Never reinforce these walls. Um there's no reason not to make those feet holes. The attackers gain nothing from that at all. Um and even as the attacker, like you're not looking through there as you walk around here. you're concerned with

[10:51]
um um bathroom and then bard and then cocktail double door and that's pretty much it. I highly recommend playing a zombie and valk on this site all the time. Valkyrie stick a camera up here in that bright bit there and it's hidden a bit better and there as soon as someone opens the red wall if they do they'll generally like walk through the red wall and come behind this bar and try and fight onto pixel and bathroom from here.

[11:12]
There's free C4s from below all over this room. All this floor is soft all over the room everywhere until you get to the marble here. So this is C4 from below territory. Also come and put a val cam over either under this uh cupboard here or you can also put one behind this little angle here. And again free C4s. All this floor is soft here. Excuse me.

[11:34]
There. There. All the floor is soft there. It's not soft here. This is hard floor. But all of it around here is is C4 from below territory. It's it honestly playing Valky one guaranteed free kill around. Sometimes if you're having a bad game or you've had a bad day and you like your KD is low, just play Valk and you'll get a C4 from below kill. Puts the confidence back in you and away you go. Just use the extended

[11:55]
barrel on the MPX because it's a literal peashooter. And that is cafe top floor. Right then cafe kitchen or ground floor, whatever you want to call it. And let's get started over here in bakery. There are two main sides to push. Bakery and the bottom right side, but we'll start here in bakery. So we reinforce the right hand side of prep. This area here is called prep. And we make feet holes

[12:15]
across the bottom there. Reason being is if you're on the window, if anyone was to walk through the door, you could see them as they walk through the door. They wouldn't see you. Just be careful. Like peeking the bakery door is quite often a death wish. Attackers have got quite a bit of cover out here. You can play behind this van. You can even jump up here on this car and get an

[12:35]
angle behind the bakery counter as well. It's a bit of a nasty angle. Um, so it can be a bit of a death wish peeking this door here. Now, we also reinforced the single wall here from um, Small Bake. This I mean this everyone else uh, some people call this Christmas cuz there used to be a Christmas tree here. I don't call it Christmas. Um, I call it small bake.

[12:57]
This is actually small bake on the compass. Um, but the reason we do that is because attackers could come to this window and throw a ace charge on that wall. That would then open or that would then open a line of sight obviously through this wall. Anyone playing behind the counter here would be screwed and anyone playing around here will be screwed. This where I am now is a really strong place to start the round. You

[13:17]
shoot the drones as they come around. Um, and you don't give up space too easily. Don't pe like I just said about all the cover out there. Don't peek too often here. You can't just be peeking like holding an angle here cuz you're going to get domed. They can also peek through the windows of the van as well. Like it. But just staying here destroying drones, putting a bit of pressure on, you know, just pop the odd shot through just to let them know that you're not going to give this up too easily. Force them to use utility. Make

[13:38]
them use a couple of grim bees or a ying candal or flashbang or two or so. Make them do something to move you from this place. Um, and if if they're walking in, obviously you can just hold a prone angle even maybe, which is a bit of a nasty thing to do cuz attackers come in, they're going to be looking around here like that and you're already underneath there. But also holding this area behind the bakery counter is strong. But again,

[13:58]
you sort of you're kind of going to die here, but you're just wasting as much time as possible. You just don't want them to open this wall, otherwise you add it. Ideally, you know, you waste a minute here. You spray out to the door and then you can get back across this side. That's the dream scenario over here in kitchen. Then quick call out uh quick call. Wait, what am I trying to say? A quick call out guide. Something

[14:19]
to talk about quickly about in in kitchen here. You come through prep and this island and this island have got call outs. So this is K1 cuz it's the first kitchen island or kitchen sort of unit that you find and this is K2. So if I was to say to you is behind K1, it would be here like behind. Oh, well, the air or behind there, but that's K1. So,

[14:40]
if you're walking through here and you have a teammate that says behind K2, you know that it's going to be behind this sort of area here. So, K1 and K2. People often get confused with the um the call outs for those areas there. So, reinforce the two door uh the two doors, the two walls that go towards bakery. You can if you're playing behind the bakery counter, you could make a small rotate here and try and get away with

[15:01]
sort of wasting time coming back here and reinforcing this later. I'm not a big fan of that personally. If you're a really good player and a really decent rank, maybe that works for you. But for most people playing ranked, I wouldn't try and do that. Then we come on to the bottom red wall. So this wall faces bottom red. Always reinforce the left hand side. Now what you see a lot of these days, I'm just going to make a rotate here so I don't have to keep

[15:22]
running around. What you see a lot of these days is keeping this wall open. And I am an advocate for keeping this wall open if your team know that this wall is staying open. But there's a key to it. You can only put head holes here and keep this wall open if someone is going to shoot the radio and play in here in coat check. You have to play in coat check if you're keeping that wall

[15:44]
open. Otherwise, you get an attacker that comes through the front door, comes into coch and just sees into sight all the way through immediately for free. You've got to play someone in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] A muter here is wonderful. A mute jammer behind there, a mute jammer behind that door here, and a mute jammer here works an absolute treat. Don't peek too much towards long bar here because there's loads of angles you can die from here

[16:05]
when you peek. You got the door there. Couple of angles behind the bar. Actually, behind the bar, behind the head holes here. Some or sorry, behind the half wall there. Someone over by the tables. It's a nasty place to try and peek onto cuz the defenders could be in loads of different Sorry, keep getting this wrong here. The attackers could be in loads of different places when you peek this angle here. So, be careful peeking that. Some people put a castle barricade there. I'm not a fan of that

[16:25]
cuz it gives the attackers free roam on the other side of it. If you're keeping this wall open with head holes, you must place somebody in coat check here. There's no vert above you, but there is vert on the corridor outside. That's on the um I'll just show you where it is so you can on the sort of corridor outside training museum that looks down towards coch. So

[16:47]
if you're not playing somebody in coach, then reinforce this wall. The reason this wall's good to have open, sorry I didn't explain that, is because the the default plant spot when people are pushing bakery is behind the bomb here. So you'll push through prep, you'll fight through prep, you'll just tuck in behind the bomb here and you'll just plant tucked in here and it's really hard to stop if you're on the other side of the uh other side of the site. So

[17:08]
imagine you were here trying to stop that plant and you couldn't stop the plant. Someone's planting behind the bottom, someone's holding you from the bakery wall, from prep window. Well, you can stop the plant if you just came around that way and you could stop the plant there. So yeah, really a useful way of stopping the attackers getting a free plant off behind the bomb. But if you're not playing coat check, don't play there and reinforce it.

[17:30]
Depending on the rank you're in and if you're soloing, I would probably recommend just reinforcing it. We then come over to the other side of kitchen and we've got some head holes across the top here. This is for C4s and smoke so you can throw them to the other side of the site, but also so you can peek in towards prep. You can see an angle behind the bomb there which is quite nice. These feet holes are something we have

[17:51]
to address, right? Feet holes are fine here, but just do two shots worth of feet holes. So like one, two. Don't make them all the way down this wall. Reason being, those feet holes are only beneficial for defenders who are in this position here. So as attackers walk in, you're going to see the feet before they see you. And if you're playing over here behind the window, you're not exposed. You see how you

[18:13]
can't see the double door from here. Okay. The amount of people that you see make feet. This is what not to do. The amount of people that make feet holes like this long, how does that benefit you as defender stood here now? It doesn't because you're going to see the attacker when they're there anyway. So, the original feet holes that ended around here would have been absolutely fine. The only thing this benefits by

[18:34]
doing it this long is the attackers who can then go on this double door here and prone and can now see 3/4 of the site and prep window and everything else because you've extended them. the old feet holes. Remember, two shots worth would have ended there. So, attackers would see that the B that's the angle they would see nothing. Don't make these

[18:56]
too long across the bottom here. It only benefits attackers if you do that. Uh, other quick call outs. By the way, you can see the coffee machines here. This is coffee. This is a pretty popular spot, although you can be seen from above through the wall here and then through the floor. And then this is dishes. So, you see these call outs messed up a little bit as well. You got dishes here and then this is coffee cuz of these coffee machines here. Quite

[19:18]
easy to remember, but if you don't know, you don't know. Um, we reinforced the hatch above and the two walls for bottom white. Now, on this site, this side of the site isn't too bad. There isn't that much vert over here. There's a little bit here over this side of the site. This is all hard ceiling. This side of the site is

[19:38]
completely soft ceiling. Um, a soft floor. and the attackers will gain above and if they start opening this floor it'll be a bit of a nightmare for you. So you've got to place somebody above. A nice little angle to remember is around here. That's about right. Oh, I've got it right as well. That's the window for train above where people quite often jump in, throw a ram through or buckle

[20:00]
jump in and try to start booking through the floor. You can make a tidy little shotgun hole here and just hold the jump in from underneath. I did this on stream on Friday or Wednesday, sorry, Wednesday just gone and got a quick kill and it was quite a nice little angle. And attackers can also get a nice angle here if they go upside down repel on the top of the window there. You can see the little angle they could see through.

[20:20]
They could then if they make this angle here, they could then see pretty much all the way down this this row here by being upside down repel. But just as a defender, make a little hole here and get ready for somebody to jump in below. Then we need to talk about the rest of the site. So holding code check is mandatory if you're making these head

[20:41]
holes. Holding around this area can be quite tricky. Um playing around VIP is something that the pros do. This is VIP. This room put a shield across there and then holding bottom white is something that the pros do. Um but it's very hard to do cuz you get closed in on from loads of different places. Like this wind double window here can be a bit of a nightmare. But if you could if you're a decent gunner and you could hold onto

[21:01]
this area of the map, it would be insanely valuable for your team cuz you could also then peek out onto the long corridor here. But it it can be a tricky site this one where you sort of ended up you end up being sort of confined to the site quite quickly. Um so you definitely need a Rome presence. Definitely upstairs. You can't let the attackers This is the window we were just looking out through the floor of course here.

[21:21]
Um, you can't let the attackers have um mining or museum train museum and fireplace from the off. You've got to try and hold on to it for a little while. Even if it's just for a minute or two, you kill three or four drones and disappear. Um, you can't let them have this area from the off. You've got to roam above. Otherwise, you're going to really struggle down on site. But that is downstairs on cafe. I really like

[21:44]
playing cafe. One of my favorite maps. And I love playing downstairs as well. Whenever I defend downstairs, I play castle upstairs. If you want to see the castle setup video, there is an if you search a little castle or something like that. Um there is a um a video where I show that castle setup upstairs. But yeah, solid solid site, decent sight to defend, but you've got to defend it right otherwise the attackers gain control just too quickly. Moving swiftly

[22:06]
on to fireplace and reading then. And you'll notice I'm playing Tchanka here. That's just because there's so many feet holes you have to make in this site. It's easier to do it with Chanka than to play smoke. So, starting in reading room, you definitely need something on this door, a castle if you can. Definitely barricaded at the start of the round. You definitely need like a prox or something around this door. You want to rotate here into laundry and the

[22:27]
laundry hatch open because we're going to be playing upstairs, but I'll come to that in a second. Your two walls facing pillar are reinforced. However, you can leave the one on the left or the one on the right as we look at it now soft for the first sort of 30 40 seconds of the round, maybe 50 seconds. And you just can play around pillar, which is usually a busy area for drones. try and like get a drone or two and then dip back in. Just be careful not to get picked off

[22:48]
from the window here. So, you can do that sometimes. Play it a little bit like we always talk about Oregon elbow where you leave it um you leave it open and then you reinforce it later into the round. You can do that there if you want to. Over in fireplace before we go upstairs, we've got head holes. In fact, I'll talk about them in a second. You got feet holes all the way along the bottom of here. Feet holes all the way along the bottom of here and a rotate here on the left hand side. The rotate

[23:08]
goes here just so you can pass in and out of here without being seen by this window. And then the feet holes are all about. You don't really play anyone in fireplace. No one stays in this room on this map on this side. So what you want the feet holes for is to be over here and reading. And now you can see all the way through to fireplace pretty much anywhere within the in the room. Um apart from the doorways obviously you're going to be able to hold the fireplace

[23:29]
from here through these field holes etc. Now you've got these head holes at the top here. This is so you can see the fireplace from white stairs here. So anyone coming through there or anyone coming through the fireplace there you can see from here. And I always make one more extra hole here just next to the hatch because attackers will try and repel in through fireplace window and then go into this corner here to plant. And by having this little angle here, it

[23:50]
means you can walk down the stairs and peek into the left hand side. And if there's someone there, you're going to be able to see them. So you're going to come down here. If there's someone planting in the side there, you're going to be able to see them. Upstairs, we've got a bit of setup to do up here as well. The two freezer walls are done. Single cocktail wall here. Single cocktail wall here. I've left this soft for the time being. Some people like making a rotate here. Um, I don't

[24:11]
personally. I just prefer like getting rid of these banner divots here. And you can come around here if you want to. Putting a rotate there makes it easier for attackers to push through. Um, so I always reinforce this off. And if you're in a desperate attempt to not go through this door and get around, you can come this way if you want to. Now, I would highly recommend, and I'm not just plugging my own videos here. I highly recommend you look at a video I've done

[24:32]
on castle setups where I show the castle setup for this side. You castle this door, this door, the reading door below, and also the piano pixel door over here. It's such a good setup. And you reinforce everything off. You hold up here. You make vert for the reading door below, which is about here. You can see that's the reading door below there. You make vert for going

[24:53]
into the laundry here as well. So now you can see the laundry door below. Obviously, you've got the hatch open. Um, and you can make some longer vertical angles if you want to for the rest of the reading. Obviously, then you can see over the laundry wall, but you can see through into region as well. So, you've got to hold this area here. This this the floor that I'm on here is pretty much a carbon copy of the floor

[25:14]
below. So, let me show you what I mean. So, you can see the soft floor here and that soft floor is all the way along here. So, this is all cocktail above and this is the same door above here as well that then goes into heavenb. So, not losing the vertical here is imperative. As soon as you lose the vertical here, it's it's kind of not impossible, but it's really difficult to win this side cuz all the attackers need

[25:34]
to do is have one person drop and plants on the reading room door where we've just seen down here. Somebody drop some plants. Let me open it for you. Somebody drop some drop some plants behind here behind that bookcase. As an attacker, all you need to do is make this vertical angle. The tanker's gun's not great for doing vertical in the floor. Is then you need

[25:55]
to make this angle, right? And one of you, if you've got two alive, that's the dream. One of you watches the rotate here, the other one watches the sight door over there. And it's free cheese. The only thing you got to watch then is the flank that comes behind you if it comes behind you. But I really enjoy playing this site. I think this site, if you play above with castle here, is actually better than the kitchen site in my opinion. I think it's a stronger

[26:16]
site. I think you got more options and more ways to defend it. Bearing in mind that all this is hard floor as well, so you don't have to worry about getting shot from below here. I think this is a better site in my opinion. And it's much simpler. Well, to the fact that it's taken me what, nearly five minutes to explain this as opposed to 10 minutes waffling on about the basement. Oh, I keep saying basement. It's not, is it? It's the ground floor kitchen. Yeah, that's uh reg fireplace. And finally, we

[26:38]
come to train museum and fireplace. Now, this is a bit of an interesting site. Um, most maps for sides are a little bit rubbish, whereas this one isn't too bad. Granted, the other three are better than this, but this is playable. Now, just as a quick sort of synopsis on how to play this site, you need to adopt a hybrid of defending upstairs and defending

[26:58]
fireplace reading to to look at this site. Let's just nip upstairs first before we look at the site itself. So, there's more of an emphasis on holding piano than cocktail this time. Um, because most of the site is under piano, of course, and then fireplace, which is under where we are now. Uh, we open the hatch. We reinforce the two red walls at the top of red. And we have to play in piano. You have to hold this a bit like

[27:20]
what we did when we talked about defending top four. You play a zombie. One here, one here. The shield that is, sorry, one, not two as aramis, a zombie shield here and here. Play on the hatch, but you need the hatch open this time cuz you're going to need to be able to drop into sight and defend it if all gets lost downstairs. You are going to play onto pixel door this time. Although, like we talked about before, um it's the opposite way around this time. Rather than reinforcing this and

[27:41]
having heads here, we've done it the other way around. That is because you don't really ever need to go into freezer here. you're going to lose control of of freezer and sort of skylight pretty quickly. So, by playing here, you can peek around this side of the door and then you can peek the head holes here and then if need be, you can back off down white and this reinforcement will protect you all the way down there. There's going to be no able there's not going to be a way to get head holes in there as you come down

[28:02]
white. When you get down white, we've got the same heads we had before in fireplace and also that same uh hole here to stop anyone planting around that corner and again the rotate over there, but we'll go in there in a second. So, we've opened the cocktail hatch as well, just as a means of escape from the top floor if we need it. We've reinforced this wall because this is the one most people are going to be firing through when they drop hatches, red or new hatch. They're going to be firing

[28:22]
through this to try and make a line of sight over there. So, cocktail we don't really hold that much, but piano we have to. And ideally, you don't really want to lose the control of this white stairs corridor either. Um, so that's piano upstairs. It's a little bit tricky cuz Whoa, whoa, whoa, I was so close to falling down there. It's a little bit tricky, especially with the release of CX and the repel

[28:43]
changes. You can dart from this repel to this repel to this repel in like 5 seconds now. So, especially this corner, being able to swap from this repel to this repel, just like jumping around the corner without having to get down is incredibly strong. So, holding on to piano can be difficult these days. Downstairs in sight, we've got a rotate tight left to the wall here. So, you can peek onto this window and then go back

[29:03]
if you need to. We reinforce this wall. We reinforce this wall. We put feet holes here. We put feet holes here. Then we can see if anyone walks into train. They could probably do it being a little bit higher actually admittedly. We can now see if anybody walks into train through the double door there. You can also go prone and see if anyone comes through the door on the other side which is just there. And then obviously you

[29:24]
take advantage of Hang on a minute. It's not there at all. It's right in front of me. What am I talking about? Double doors there. Yeah. No, it was there. I am looking through the door there to be fair. I thought it was further around to the left. That is the door still though. Um, take advantage of the what I'll call furniture in here. Like as in if you're coming around this side, take advantage of crouching behind the uh what is this? Like a a wheel of some sort. Steam

[29:46]
powered wheel, I imagine. Um, if you can hear noises, shoot the exhibits and that'll stop them making noises. There's one there and there's one here. That'll stop them making noises. And of course, take advantage of the train carriages as well. Over in fireplace, as I said before, we got Oh, no. I didn't say this before. Sorry. We've got a few feet holes just on the one wall this time. You could make them on this wall if you

[30:07]
wanted to as well, but in reading, you're probably not going to play here that much. I've made a rotate here. Obviously, the hatch is open as we talked about, but the you're probably going to lose this side of the map fairly quickly. Like I said before, the uh why do I keep saying like I've said before, this area, this red carpet area here, you're going to lose this pretty quickly, generally speaking. Um, but you can keep the feet holes here just so you can see them into sight if you need to

[30:28]
stop a late plant uh on a rotate late earlier on. Doesn't really matter about the feet holes here because you're not going to have anyone playing inside. Like no one's going to be playing in fireplace here as a defender cuz you can't because of the window. There's nowhere in fireplace that's safe. Um, and that's pretty much it really. Again, I haven't really gone into too much detail here. Oh yeah, by the way, you want to be using C4s above again with

[30:50]
Valk. All this floor is soft here. Not here, but here. You want to be making use of C4s below. Playing a Valkair or a bulletproof with sentry. Bulletproof C4 combo with sentry can work. Um, but yeah, not a terrible site. Most sites, fourth sites, all very good options. This one isn't awful, but the first three are definitely better in my opinion. So, there we have it then. The cafe setups for 2025. Hopefully, setting

[31:12]
up on defense with the the basic setups, rotates, head holes, reinforcements will give you more chances of winning the game, and that's a fact. Make it difficult for attackers and start doing that by setting up the sights. I say correctly, but correctly in my opinion, but I mean, most people like play that anyway. Like I said at the start of the video, they're like the generic setups that people do. Thank you as always for getting involved with the channel. I

[31:32]
really, really appreciate it. I do just want to say, in fact, I haven't got it loaded. I'm going to get it loaded now quickly. Um, I do just want to say a very, very quick shout out to someone messaged me on Discord yesterday and said, "People are saying nice things about your own Reddit." Someone was looking at a Reddit thread and um saw that uh where is it? There we go.

[31:55]
Someone put a Reddit thread on saying quality R six content creators and someone sent me one of the comments where someone said something very kind about myself. So I want to say thank you because I've been through it and read them myself and there is quite a few recommendations. So one thank you if you're on a Reddit thread and you say who's a decent R six creator. Thank you ever so much for thinking that might be me and to then go out your way to

[32:16]
actually type a comment as well. Thank you very much. Um, so American in-laws, TPM521, small jeep 2137, it's Sky Fox, Lone, and FXBS Bobber all recommended me in a Reddit thread. And there was also two more recommendations, but you spelled my name wrong, so I can't find you now. But thank you very much. I really really

[32:37]
appreciate it, man. Like to to see that on a thread and then go, "Yeah, well, I mean, I don't mind watching Andy. He's all right." then to actually go out your way and go type it in and some of them are like really really nice com loan and uh um where's the other one? Um American in-laws are very very kind comments although American in-laws does mention that I'm in me mid30s. Uh so cheers for

[32:58]
that pal. No genuinely though I really really appreciate your recommendations. Stuff like that really really helps out especially with a sort of smaller I know like we've got a decent amount of subscribers and I'm really grateful for that but we're we're small compared to the likes of like Pox and Atheno and stuff like that. So, um, yeah, I appreciate you recommending me, man. Thanks very much. So, as always, thank you for getting involved with the video. Thank you for watching if you made it this far. Thank you for watching if you

[33:19]
haven't made it this far. And I'll see you on the next one. All the very best.
