Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LITKieiA8pc
Map: Nighthaven Labs
Side: Defense

[00:00]
And boom. Hey up troops. A little here again with another video. It's time to look at the Night Haven Lab setup seeing as it's getting modernized next season as well. All the rotations, reinforcements, head holes, feet holes, and lines of sights that you need to know to set up and defend all four sites as best as you can. This setup is not for pro league. It's not for bronze. It's not for gold or champ. It's the

[00:20]
most generic setups that will work in almost every rank, if not definitely every rank. That's enough waffling. Let's just get stuck into it. Okay, let's get cracking with the top floor. Then we're going to start over in connector, which is an area that you really must defend. Start by reinforcing the two walls outside on connector. You need to electrify these bandit arcade or

[00:40]
mute even if you have to. But you've got to reinforce these walls. And the final thing here is feet holes along the meeting wall. And this is there's a window here. Let me just uh there's a window there. So if anyone jumps in there, which is quite a common thing to do for attackers, you're going to see their feet before they see you. And obviously see feet. Shoot heads. That's connector. I would also start a little bit outside of connect. You've got to

[01:00]
have somebody defending in here, right? I would start with somebody outside here, looking for the drones that are almost inevitably going to come through this door. Get a drone or two and back off. You don't have to take the fight here cuz you don't want to die here. You want to be holding this area, but you want to just put on a little bit of pressure which is going to slow them down. So, yeah, get a drone or two. Be wary that somebody could jump in here. Also, there's a window over there as well. So, you got to listen out for that as well. You don't want to be taking

[01:22]
fights here unless it's an absolute freebie because if you die here and you're the person defending connector, the enemies walk up to connector and within say 30, 40, 50 seconds, they're in connector. Sorry, I'm just taking me watch off. Do apologize. That's that sorted. Um I should probably edit that out, but I won't. Uh you'd be in connector and you can't have attackers here in connector with 2 minutes left in the round because it's just not going to end well for you. So yeah, defend this

[01:43]
as long as you can. Destroy a couple of drones. Try and deny this wall if you can. This will probably end up getting opened, but don't worry. Um, also just watch out. Don't stand and peek. Once this wall's open, you can't stand anywhere near here. This line running all the way down here up to this bit of cover here. You can't stand here. There's an angle outside where you can stand on the roof and you can see all the way through this room. So, don't

[02:04]
stand anywhere near here. As soon as this walls open, peeking this door is almost a death sentence. Then we come into electrical. It's somewhere else. You're going to need to have a player electrical to hold the jump in here. Some maybe even a proc on the wall. But don't forget, you can stand here with mute and you can get a C4 that would go over the um over the window and outside. It doesn't work with prox alarms because they're not the same um not the same trajectory. Like a C4 loops a lot more.

[02:25]
A prox alarm goes a lot straighter than a C4 does. Um so don't use that example as as gospel. So you got to have someone holding electrical. No setup in here really that you need. Then coming back into server, someone who's going to be playing in server needs to think that if you've lost connector, and this is goes for the connector player as well. If this wall gets open and you're getting really pressured, dive back into sight

[02:46]
here. Reinforce this wall. Keep one reinforcement spare as you can see that we've done in the top left. Make sure we keep that spare. Reinforce the right hand side of this wall. Rotate on the left just so you can have a bit of flexibility and connect. If they don't end up opening this wall and they don't end up pushing this way, but they jumping electrical. Having this wall means you can then jump through here and put pressure on this side instead. So you definitely you can't just turtle up

[03:06]
on night. And you to be honest, you can't just do that on most siege maps these days. Something you used to do back in the day in old siege, right? It wool. Reinforcing both of them and make a a bit of vert. You can see the ash that is always inevitably going to open this window and try and get rid of the bandit batteries that are on the wall. But yeah, you got to electrify this as well. Watch out for a maverick on this wall. Just making a marvel line across the bottom. The steps outside mean they

[03:28]
get a nice angle over into the rafters area. Sorry, I just had to sneeze there. I'm not doing particularly well. This this door you need something on as well. Prox alarm probably. Um, you don't have to defend here too much. You can maybe start the round here and get a drone or two that comes up there, but you're definitely going to get peaked from this corner here. So, you've really got to watch out. It's not somewhere again, you want to be losing your life. Rafters.

[03:48]
Right, this is the the age-old question. If you've got an experienced gunner who can play a zombie well and play rafters, one of your zombie keeper barriers goes on this piece of the the sort of handrail or whatever you want to call it here. Not on the edge here and not on this side, but on this little bit in the middle where it's a bit darker. That will then send a keyboard barrier up in this sort of direction and then round

[04:10]
which means you can peek around this side and you can peek around that side. It's a really really solid keyboard barrier. Then your next key barrier goes on here higher up and that's for if anyone jumps in here you can see the feet as they jump in the window. It's a really unforgiving position to play. You've got to have some information if someone's walking up the stairs at the bottom as well. It's a tough place to play but it does if you can get a gunner

[04:30]
that can play there it does bode well. Over into command center, we've got head holes. Reinforce the left wall here, head holes on the right. This is so you can see the brereech. You can see it and you can see connector if you need to. And obviously towards the back of sight behind pillar. This triple wall is and those head holes have lined up lovely across that those straight lines. This

[04:51]
triple wall is an interesting um talking point because a lot of people play this differently and it's played different in pro league. And I whenever I've made videos about this on Tik Tok or on YouTube in the past, people have always said, "No, no, reinforce the left wall, reinforce the right wall, have a rotate in the middle." That's what they do in Pro League. That is what they do in Pro League, but this isn't ProLeague. And no offense, you aren't in Pro League. Um,

[05:12]
and these setups are the sort of most what's the right not generic, but the sort of the setups which will get you the most value no matter what rank you're at. Yes, if you're in a higher rank, you can play reinforce the right, reinforce the left, rotate in the middle with a mirror on one of them, probably the side, and then play the the rotate here. But if you play that in any other rank, you're going to get domed from

[05:33]
this door. So, play the head holes. You can maybe make a ro a vault rotate here. So if the person playing on rafters, if that is arami does end up playing rafters, if they feel a little bit too much pressure and it's safe to do so, they could then maybe dive back inside. But you don't want to be making a rotate there unless anyone's playing rafters

[05:53]
because otherwise the attackers just have a freeway into side from here. From this angle here, you can hold on to the the door there towards the top of the stairs of me and just on the window jumping. But you don't really want to be holding this angle. This is unfavorable for defenders. It's just to hold this door. But don't stand here close to this reinforcement cuz you're going to get dome from there or dome from here. So you got to stand a little bit further back. Reinforce the right wall here and

[06:15]
make feet holes. This is just for anyone walking past there that you're going to see their feet before they see you. See feet shoot heads. And that pretty much sums up the top floor. Rafters and it is is the toughest area to play and is arguably the most important area to be fair along with connector over there as well. Really important areas to hold on to. Um the fish, you've got to have some kind of um this is called fish over here

[06:35]
by the way. fish stairs. I don't know why they're called fish stairs, right? There's a load of water, but there's no fish. This is like a waterfall, but there's no fish. There's not a single fish that I've ever seen. So, I don't know why people call it fish. Um, but anyway, this is why they call it water stairs or blue stairs. I don't know, but it's called fish stairs. Is there a I'm adamant I'm going to find a fish now. I'm looking for it, but I'm not. Um, you

[06:57]
definitely need something over here, by the way. Like a prox alarm here. Maybe even just a mucusy banshee here or a fenrea mine or something. You've got to have something. You see it time and time again. attackers walk in here and just walk along here and get an absolute freebie by getting the guys on the head holes here. You've got to have some notification that somebody is coming in that way. That's it really. Um an easy,

[07:17]
not easy, but a side that is defendable, that is as decent, but I think attackers have just as much a chance on on Night on the top four as well. There's a lot of angles you've got to worry about as a defender. Um and there's a radio there you can shoot that I already shot earlier on in the round, I'm afraid. But yeah, top four done. On to the basement then and we'll just start with the hatches. We reinforce all three hatches. The one here in cargo,

[07:38]
the one over here in Animus. Oh, didn't shoot. And then the one way over the other side on exo or exo suit. Uh, just a quick little thing you can do, which I'll just talk about briefly, is look for the exo hatch. Look to the left of it. Make a hole there. There's a window here. You all almost, not always, maybe, but like maybe 40% of the time, you'll

[08:00]
get somebody jumping through this window. So holding below here with a shotgun is a free kill. You can also do the same thing here. Although this is a little bit more risky because most people throw a ram drone through here. You can do the same here. But this is where most people will try and fuse above or will they throw a ram drone through a ramboogie drone through there or but a lot of people do enter there. So when you're making this hole, try and make it move out. Watch out for this.

[08:22]
Try and make it as close to the wall as you can. So when they're looking through the window, you don't want it you don't want to be in the hole over here because they're going to see that when they jump in. You want to make sure and when they're droning, you want to make sure you've got it as tight as possible to here. So even if they do jump in, they know you're there. They aren't going to be able to jump in and look down far enough to take the fight with you. You're going to get a freebie. Especially with a shotgun, it's a lot easier. Right then, um, let's start over

[08:43]
in Animus, I think. So, we're over in Aminus. Aminus, I just said that's brilliant. Fantastic. Cut that out. Um, then we've got I won't cut that out. Spoiler alert. Well, it's not a spoiler alert, has it? Cuz if you're watching the video now, then it's already been spoiled. So, what am I talking about? Animus, reinforce that single wall. Make the feet holes here. This is just so if

[09:03]
you're on this door and you see anyone walk in, you can watch that. Obviously, you got to watch this side of the tank as well. But you can also do the same from further back here. You can see anyone that's coming in there. The the attackers gain nothing from these feet holes. So, you should always make them. You've then got the window and the Animus tank itself. You can play somebody behind here, but all this above, this sort of gray and tri white

[09:23]
triangle ceiling um pattern is all soft floor. So yeah, I'll talk about playing above in just a second, but you have to place somebody above on this side, otherwise you're going to lose it. So yeah, you can place someone around the Animus tank. It's a good place to play, but it's uh get nice little angle on the brereech. Yeah, you've got to have someone above, otherwise you're going to get turfed out. Then we go over into assembly and we've got the two uh reinforcements on the wall there. You've

[09:44]
got to try and watch this default plant here. I would suggest even putting maybe a procs there. If somebody pushes in and tries to get on the default plant, you're going to hear that they're on there, but I would definitely put like a goo mine or something just on there so they can hear if they come in. Then we'll go over into Hang on a minute. Let's go this way around. I still sometimes get like a little bit confused with which way I can go around it. Over in Nano, we've got the right hand side

[10:05]
wall reinfor Sorry, that's the left. The left hand side wall reinforced here. The right hand side wall reinforced there. You see some people reinforce this side of the wall. I don't agree with it personally because if you're on this side of the wall here and then they're pushing exo, you can't get across here without crossing the head holes that would be here that you can't get across. Whereas if you're here, you can play here and then move over to this wall and

[10:25]
then play this wall as well. You could make the argument, yeah, but you can't get across to Animus if you need to if the heads are this side. Yeah, you're not wrong, but you're going to have at least one or two people that side and maybe not one or two people this side. But in, you know, there's I suppose it's one of those where you would say there's no right or wrong, but I think in in most cases, this is going to be more beneficial to you on the left side. Right side here, 100% head holes on the

[10:46]
left. This is to hold the bottom of the Animus, sorry, exo suit stairs. Then over here on this single wall here in nano make a hole in the top right hand side of the wall. This is for anyone that's using the default plan which is you come through animus here. You tuck in here and you start planting here. All they So one of the main attacks that you do on this site and maybe I'll make a video about this is

[11:06]
you make the vert in this room here which means that no one no defenders can be playing around here because you've got the vert control. Then all you got to do is open this hatch. You don't even have to open this breach. Is open that hatch. Then come through here. Play capau. Smoke that door and smoke that door. I actually did an attack on this the other day when I was playing with George in the gaming zone squad and they

[11:27]
they absolutely nailed it. They had a cap tower above and I played grim. I played grim here. Put the bees there. Put the bees there. Then cap tower above. Flamed off both doors so they couldn't push through. Drop the hatch. Come and plant here. And the defenders can't do anything cuz the only place you can stop this from is this door and this door. And if they're both flamed off from above and being held from above as well, what do you do? Well, the only

[11:48]
counter to it is this hole here where you could either throw a C4 or you can throw a smoke in that area to stop that plant. And see that would stop the plant over there. So having that hole there is super important. If they're going to be going for that animous plant, you need to have a C4 or a smoke grenade go over the top of there to to stop the plant over in this corridor here that no one really knows what it's called. It's called nanotech hallway on on the

[12:09]
compass, but I don't actually know what it's called. Nano Hall, I think probably call it. You make a hole in the right hand side there on the top right hand side of the wall. You can see the top of the cargo stairs. and you make feet holes for if you're playing back here in exo and they walk down the stairs, you can then see the feet. Also, if they drop the hatch, which is here, you're going to be able to see them drop the hatch and then you're going to see the feet there as well. Over here in Exo, there's not a lot of setup to do really.

[12:30]
We talked about that head hole there. Sorry. Um hole in the floor for the uh uh window jumping. You've got a proc on the on the wall there cuz you definitely want to know if somebody's coming down the stairs. There is a hiding spot to play here. Some people just drone down the stairs and don't look right. If they do loot down the stairs, you're kind of like locked out. You got to be able to cross the stairs to get back. And this is a strong place to play here to be

[12:50]
able to stop the the plant and default spot there and then obviously hold the breach. Uh but again, all of this has got vert. This is the problem with this bottom four sides. If you've got someone who's above and they know where they want to attack from, if they're a coordinated stack, let's just say they know they want to plant on the um on the assembly breach in this default area here, they would just need to take this vert and then no one can stand on this

[13:12]
door. Well, the only place you can stop the plan from then are these head holes and this door which can be watched from the breach when it's open like here or here. Really tough place to play. Um, but you you got to hold off have somebody holding upstairs. We go upstairs quickly. You want to have a legion or a vigil or something maybe upstairs. This is where all the vert is for exo.

[13:32]
This is where all the vert is for assembly. And then this is where all the vert is for animus. If you just make a few holes here, you'll see what I mean. Oh, I'm on the wrong angle. That's the animous tank there. You can see that's the animous tank. As soon as you've got this verse open, no one can play in there. Bear in mind,

[13:52]
you'd play a RAM, right? So, you'd come here with ram and you'd make a line all the way across here and then do one on an angle through here as well. And it just opens up all of that all of that room. This is a good angle as well. This looks down towards where the plant spot is. So, in that attack I just talked about, we had the cap tower above. Cap tower flamed off that door and flamed off the

[14:13]
uh where's the other door? That door. You can do it with the um obviously with the fire crossbow bolt just there and there. Completely stops you walking through those doors and you can just plant over there. Um yeah, really solid attack, but you've got to make sure you have somebody playing upstairs. Uh it's it is a difficult thing to do because you're going to have attackers coming through all sorts of different angles. It's not an easy place to play, but if

[14:34]
you've got someone who's a decent Roman who can waste some time, then you definitely need to have somebody upstairs when you're defending the basement on night. And that's what the holes look like as you jump in. Reason I say try and put them as far away from the window as possible is you don't want see how we can't see the holes here. So when you jump in, you don't know they're there until the last second if you haven't droned it. But if you were to say make the head holes for that window like here, when you come to the window

[14:55]
like this, you go, "Oh, hang on. That floor's open. I'm not jumping in there." Whereas if they're further like tighter to the window here, you wouldn't see them before you jump in. So it'd be too late for them to do anything about it. That is nice haven basement. I actually really enjoy playing the basement. I enjoy bandit tricking. It's one of my favorite things to do. What's that? Is that just a bit of wall? Yeah, I enjoy bandit tricking, which is really feasible here. You obviously just got to

[15:16]
watch out. There's vert above. There's no vert above on the Animus breach, though. Um, so you do get to enjoy uh bandit tricking this and relative safety other than the hatch. I really like night. I think I think I'm going to say this on record. Night haven is my favorite map. Third site we'll cover is kitchen and cafe. And look, the third site if you if you're higher up in the

[15:36]
elo ladder, if I'm brutally honest, is probably command. But kitchen is generally the third site that you see in rank these days. Um but yeah, I would say command is actually a better site or an easier site to defend. But we'll do kitchen next. Um we're going to start over here on the window of the kitchen side and then the freezer side. So freezer has feet holes all the way along. You don't want to reinforce any of this. You've then got the kitchen

[15:57]
window obviously you want to watch out for. Then you've got head holes across here where you can throw C4s and smokes onto the main breach that goes out to lobby. You've then and reinforce these two walls. You've got the head holes here, reinforcement on the right, rotate on the left. These head holes are for C4s over towards this door and again over towards that breach and for smoking out that breach to try and delay. A lot of the push on this side comes from that

[16:18]
breach because it's the only on on the other side of here is just a lobby door. So for attackers, it's super easy for them to get control of this area here. So once they've got control of this area, like that's the breach there. So it's a super easy way for them to get early control coming down towards the uh kitchen corridor and back into kitchen head holes here. Let me say for C4s and smokes. Then we've got the point where

[16:40]
you want to be playing outside the site. You have to do that again on this site. I feel like I've said that loads on this map, but you do. You definitely want to have a person here on these stairs. I when I play here, if you've ever watched me streams, I'll also put a rotate here. Just a small rotate so I can come back in. Um, what'll happen is at the start of the round you'll run out and reinforce this hatch. Um, I still haven't found a way to counter that. Although apparently somebody has.

[17:00]
Somebody's found a capow bolt that does stop that uh hatch reinforcement, but I don't know it yet. Um, so from here you can hold the kitchen window. Just a little hang on to there. Obviously if anyone drops, you'll see. But if they do start getting that main breach over towards lobby and this hatch is still closed, you can come back through this way and start fighting on towards the brereech there as well. as long as you've got somebody around. You don't make this rotating in these feet holes

[17:21]
unless you've got somebody here. But playing here is super important. Again, you can hold into to games from here as well. So, out in towards games is something that you want to hold reinforce this uh this wall here. I haven't reinforced the garage walls, although I do have two reinforcements left. If you wanted to reinforce those, I don't think I'd be against it. But you do want to be playing somebody in here in games or lounge as well. It's called lounge. I always call it games cuz

[17:41]
there's a few games in it. Um but you want to be holding someone here as well. So, get this wall reinforced. From here, you can then peek down towards 90 or we've made this rotate to go back into sight and stop that breach in that direction or stop the door in this direction. You've got to have somebody in here. I recommend a castle in here. Castle this door. Castle this door. Castle can play in here pretty safely.

[18:02]
Then we go upstairs and I'll show you the what we need to be doing there. It's decent setup upstairs as well. It's kind of similar to how we defended the top four to be honest with you. But the that side what we just looked at there is there's so much vert on that site as well. So we've got to really be really careful to hold upstairs. So upstairs we've reinforced the IT breach.

[18:22]
We've made the same rotate we did in connector as before. And we've reinforced connector as well. Same feet holes for meeting. And then also if somebody wants to play on these stairs, this is a really dangerous place to play. I wouldn't recommend playing here. But you've got the feet holes if anyone jumps in that window or that window as well. probably playing here is not only you got to watch these windows for meeting this

[18:42]
door which comes into meeting hall, you've also got anyone peeking the bottom of the stairs. You can vault over here, but you can't shoot over here. So, you can do a bit of a Batman drop later on for anyone who's pushing the breach. But yeah, that's that's this site in a nutshell. I think I've shown you all eight reinforcements there. But I I'm not a massive fan of it. I think it's too easy to get control of this breach. The difficult thing is then is where do you plant from the breach? Well, the

[19:04]
thing is all of this floor is soft. This is all just above and meeting. So, like if you want to Oh, well, if I could just play here and stop them planting here. You could. Yeah. But all this is soft stuff. So, anyone that makes vertical can just clear you out of there and you're going to have to like get forced back to here. Then there's also vert here which if you get the right angle can see feet from here. Like you can see the vert that's been made. You can see

[19:25]
feet from people standing here. So then you got to stand here. And now eventually we're getting forced further and further and further back. That's a snazzy tap, isn't it? With the uh the little sort of spraying action. That's cool. Nice. Um, I've just installed one of them in my kitchen. Felt like a right plumber when I did it. Um, so yeah, you can plant that like on the on the brereech with the smoke or something maybe, but I do feel like it's a little bit um tricky to uh to defend once the

[19:48]
vert's made upstairs. One of the best places to plant really is once the brereech is open, try and smoke off an angle like here. Put a bit of smoke there and then dive into here, jump up here and plant here. But you've got to make sure it's smoked off otherwise obviously you're going to get toasty from there. And then you can just plant on the breach. But this isn't an attack guide. is a defense guide. How do you stop that? And we stop that with the head holes that we've got here that we

[20:09]
talked about. And the same thing with the head holes there with C4s and smokes to try and deny the push through the uh through the breach. The only thing is obviously the attackers are going to have control with this breach pretty quickly. And then you've got to somehow use three smokes and maybe a C4 or two to deny all that time. You can then put late pressure on by coming through lounge and holding down towards 90 obviously on the kitchen door here. Um

[20:30]
but yeah, it's a tough size. I think command's better in my opinion, but command takes a little bit more coordination with your team. Um, kitchen's probably better if you're not in a full sort of three or four or five stack. Finally, then we've got control and storage, which as I said before, I do actually think is a better site than kitchen. It just requires a bit more coordination. It's similar to like open area on bank and bar on Shelly where they are good sides, but it requires

[20:51]
coordination between all five of you. We'll start here at the back of control. Reinforce the left hand side. Make a rotate on the right side. We make a rotate on the right side, not the left side because that can be held from the window way outside. So, you can't use the rotate. We then want to watch out. If you're coming through this rotate, you got to watch out for this window. A lot of people hold this window. We open this hatch just as an escape route. If

[21:12]
you're in here and you need to get out, so you can drop the hatch, you don't have to worry about anyone coming up the hatch, unless they're playing a Mario and they come up the hatch, which they're not going to. Um, over in storage, we don't reinforce this wall. We just make a rotate bottom left. We rotate the rotate. We've reinforced a single wall out into lounge or games. However, I do think that there could be an argument made to say we hold lounge

[21:34]
um and then make a rotate here so you can get back in because otherwise there's only one door back into lounge. So, let's just say we lose sorry, let's just say we lose storage and the attackers are here. There's only one way back into this room and that's through storage. Uh through this door here from lounge to storage. So, I kind of feel like it depending what again I don't want to keep saying depending what elo you're in, but it does matter. If you

[21:56]
think you can hold lounge in games, I would open this wall and make head holes there or maybe even a rotate and then just defend in here and then you can peek through into that area if you need to. But obviously, it requires some kind of setup in here, whether you're going to be playing castle or having someone above which we're building them in. Um, and doing something with the kitchen wall obviously and the uh the door out into into vending. So, we'll just nip

[22:16]
upstairs quick. Oh, actually, let's go into garage quickly. Actually, we haven't spoken about that yet. Garage is going to have a reinforcements on both the external walls and then barricade this door. And then we'll just nip upstairs. And we defend this a little bit like we do when we're defending top floor, which is what we said for the other downstairs site. Reinforce both it walls. Reinforce both of the triple wall on the right side.

[22:37]
Reinforce the right hand side of the wall towards fish. Again, exactly the same things. Looking at feet here to hold that door there. Head holes here to hold toward the brereech. Exactly the same things we spoke about when we're defending upstairs. as we don't extend as far over as control as connector. Um, but you maybe could do if you wanted to. I I don't think the attack comes from that side that much. You could just you don't need to do anything with those

[22:57]
walls. You'd be okay just playing around this area as in you wanted to hold connector. You don't need to do anything special with the walls. We've got one reinforcement left or we'd have two reinforcements left if we didn't do that storage wall. But it is super important that you hold above again in here. All of this area is completely soft for this is above in command and then this is above. It's towards it.

[23:19]
Um, and a little bit of electrical. Uh, sorry, a little bit of uh Oh, my mind's gone blank. What's the room called? Where the where pillar is? Mine's gone completely blank. Is it control? No, controls there. What's it called? This is command. What's the room called there? Server. Sorry, my bad. Into server. Yeah, you can see that's all the vert we

[23:40]
were just making downstairs. OS is soft. Come through into here. This is the vert we were making there. All this is soft. So that's everything above us. So it is a better side to defend, easier side to defend as long as you're coordinated. The reason I say that is because it'd be very easy for them to just jump in here and plant. Although again, you have exactly the same issue in kitchen with the kitchen window. I just feel like kitchen's a bit easier to defend if

[24:01]
you're not all coordinated. But that's the way to do it. It's super important that you have somebody I feel like I've said super important 95 times this video. Um active around this area here, but again, watch out for this window. Uh, and watch out for the rush straight from the the bottom floor as well. People sort of sledge out the uh you know the wall that's single animous wall. I've gone the wrong

[24:22]
way. Single animus wall here. People sledge that out and then just walk up the stairs. So yeah, just watch out for that or buck it out as well. Just watch out for that. And that is control and storage. Pretty easy one. Pretty quick one. There's not it's not a mad amount of setup you've got to remember for this one. I do think I changed my mind about this wind this uh reinforcement though if you wanted to play lounge. I think that would be a better idea if I'm

[24:42]
honest with you, depending on what ELO you're in. So, there we have it. The setup for 2025 for Night Haven Labs. Remember, this is getting modernized next season. However, the layout won't change. Nothing will change in terms of the set. It's just there'll be a few gas pipes and fire extinguishers and the textures will be updated. There's nothing that'll be different for the setups as of next season. That's Night Haven Labs, as I say, and I think I'm

[25:03]
going to go on record twice in one video and say that is my favorite map at the moment. I really enjoy playing Labs. Every time I play Labs, I have a good time. Um, I think the the designers and the devs did a great job bringing labs into into the pool. And I think Leia's a good map as well whilst they're on the subject, but no one will play it and learn it. So, we're never going to know. Bit like Emerald Plains really. But, there you go. Right. What's next on the list? I don't know. I'll have to go through maps and see which ones I

[25:24]
haven't done yet. A theme park and skyscraper. I think I still need to do, but um, we'll get to them over the course of the next couple of weeks. Thank you as always for getting involved with the channel. I really, really appreciate it. All the the likes, comments, and subscribers. If you haven't left a comment, just leave one below. Say something that really helps the algorithm. extra cool breeze chewing gum if you don't know what to say. Um, and yeah,

[25:45]
thanks for getting involved as always. I appreciate all the support on the channel from everyone, even you. Yeah, you watching right now. Thanks very much. I'll see you next time. All the very best.
