Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1xo4KLFpCY
Map: Nighthaven Labs
Side: Attack

[00:00]
And boom, I hope troops, A-little-ton-here-again with another video. And this time we're looking at how to attack Nighthaven Labs. I've got two ways of doing this. I'll probably make two different videos cuz otherwise it'll go on for too long, but I'm not going to I'm going to try and make this not an absolute mammoth video because I know this type of subject isn't for everyone, you know, people would just want to watch like quick things here and there. So, a sort of full breakdown of

[00:21]
an attack with five different operators is quite tough. This is possible to do with less operators. I'd probably say you need three, maybe you can get away with two, but probably three is a minimum, I would say. Um so, we're going to use FPS Tactician, which is the program that Koda made. If you've not seen my video on it, um it's three or four videos ago or so. This is a a piece of software or an application, whatever you want to

[00:41]
call it, that a member of my community, um a well a a guy who's in my community, um on Twitch and YouTube, designed and made himself. It's called FPS Tactician. I'll leave a link in the description below. You can download it yourself and you can make strats on it like I am here. So, this is Nighthaven Labs. We'll get started just on the even though we're attacking basement, we're going to get started on the very top

[01:01]
floor. I'm going to give you the quick breakdown of what we're going to try and do and then I'll go into game and show you in game. I have got somewhere a clip of the attack working really well from a stream. Um I tried to find it earlier on and I can't find anywhere. If I do find it, I'll put it in the video. If I can't find it, I'll have to do it I'll have to when we do the attack again, I'll have to record it and put it in, but I tried

[01:21]
to find it earlier and I couldn't. But anyway, so down the left you've got five operators, Capitao, Nomad, Buck, Solid Snake, and Grim. There are some you can take out here. The Capitao is pretty essential, which is fine because Capitao is very rarely banned. Nomad very rarely banned, but you could take Gridlock instead if you wanted to. Buck very rarely banned, but you could also take Sledge or even

[01:42]
Ram, but Ram will be banned more than Buck or Sledge will. Snake banned a little bit these days. You can take Deimos or another just sort of frag operator. Snake is the um just the sort of the the operator that gets in the map. Ideally Snake because you can drone you can like use your scanner to see if areas are clear really quickly. And then Grim again, not massively important. Taking him for the

[02:02]
hard breaches, but you could take out Grim for a striker with grenades or maybe with hard breaches and grenades or maybe even a Ying with with hard breaches as well, but Capitao and Nomad and Buck are the are the three that I think you need. The other two are um a little bit more flexible. So, this is top floor labs. Um to give you an idea of where we are, this is what we call fish stairs.

[02:22]
This is the main lobby stairs, then you come through um down past this is meeting and you come into connector, then electrical, then down to IT, and then this is top rafters. So, this is on the top floor next to rafters. Nomad here, this is the window on rafters and Nomad's going to jump in in through rafters there. That's the easiest way to get into this map, in my opinion, because as long as you drone rafters and you drone IT, you can jump in that

[02:44]
window there. Nomad can come along to IT, air jab that door, and that's this whole area of the top floor covered off. Depending as long as I mean, you can never account for any for I know I said engineers then. You can never really account for operators impacting a wall to avoid an air jab or you know or impacting an air jab off. But that one door there through IT means that you can

[03:04]
deal with the rest of this part of the map without having to worry about it. So, that's the first job of Nomad. We'll go through each operator just very quickly what their job is. Nomad jumps in through the rafters window and again, I'll show you this in game. Nomad jumps in through the rafters window. She goes and puts an air jab above the IT door. And then we go down onto the first and that's all you need to do on the top floor. Nomad then comes down rafters stairs

[03:25]
down onto the first floor and we get another a Nomad in here. Nomad then goes and puts an air jab here on the um uh is it storage? My head's gone blank. Storage door into the sort of games lounge area. I think this is storage. Is it storage? Into that anyway. And then we'll also come around this way and then put an air jab onto the cargo door to stop anyone

[03:46]
coming this way from cargo. And then once we've done that, this is the area of the map we want, just this area here. So, we've got the um control area and then just the sort of bottom of of of the warehouse area. Then we're going to use Grim and Capitao with hard breach charges. Capitao or Grim, it doesn't really matter which. We're going to open the hatch in warehouse and also

[04:07]
the hatch over here at the top of cargo stairs. Um That's it really for the middle floor. Uh sorry, for for for Capitao and Grim for now. Then Buck is going to open the the floor here in control to get the vert below. Then what we're going to do And by the way, around this time Snake is just lurking around cargo stairs. No

[04:28]
particular job at the moment. Then we go down into the basement, which is where we're attacking, obviously. Snake will eventually come down cargo stairs and fill out this area here, back cargo, to stop anyone stopping the plant, which is going to happen here. Capitao on the first floor here in CCTV will use these holes that Buck has made to then flame off these two doors.

[04:50]
We then drop this hatch. Um by the apologies, by the way, on the Nighthaven Labs basement, there's no hatch in Animus, which is where there should be a hatch drop. So, I've made the hatch Michelle. It should look like this. Koda is going to change it for the next update. Um so, you drop the hatch there. Ideally Nomad cuz Nomad hasn't got anything else to do once she's put the three air jabs down. Nomad then drops the hatch, walks into this corner here

[05:12]
and starts the plant. No one will be in this area. No defenders will be in this area because we've made the holes above to make sure no one's in that area. Obviously drone it as well just to make sure you've not missed any areas. And then from above Capitao flames off this door and this door, so no one can push through and deny that plant to send here. Simple as that. You with me?

[05:34]
Let's get into a few clips about how we do it. I'll go through each operator, each one at a time. So, let's get started with Nomad then cuz I think this is one of the simplest jobs. We're going to be coming in here on rafters window. This one here. Let me just turn this down for me so much. There we go. On rafters window here. The best thing you can do in the prep phase is to leave a drone in IT over here. Just put it on one of these shelves. The wall here may

[05:54]
well get reinforced because the roamers on the top floor don't want to just have a soft wall here. Leave the drone in here and then as soon as the round starts, make your way to the roof next to rafters window. Open the window up. Obviously check that drone. Make sure that there's no one in IT. Just make sure there's no one in in server just quickly here. And then in you hop.

[06:15]
Make sure you shoot the default cameras you pop in. Don't necessarily air jab this door, but air jab the next door along because that will give you an earlier warning and it will also mean no one can come to this area. That means if you air jab this door that I'm on the now, defenders can stand here before getting air jabbed and they might see somebody on the stairs. You've just got a bit more flexibility.

[06:36]
This will give you an earlier warning sign. Also, they'll be able to get vert if they would not go through the air jab that was here and they would just impact this floor, they could get a a bit of vert below onto where you are. So, air jab this door here in IT towards server. Then And by the way, I'm doing a lot of presuming when I make these attack videos. I'm presuming you're now going to drone down into storage. You're now

[06:57]
going to drone down cargo. Obviously you've got to make sure you do all this droning. Don't just guess cuz that's how you'll lose the round. Make sure you get the default camera on cargo. Then we've got to go and put a air jab here on the storage. Is that I said this was storage, was it storage? It is storage. Storage door just like that. Again, don't put one on this door even though this is easier to do because it's just right here, don't put it on this door. Go and put it on that

[07:19]
door. Reason being, you're probably going to have somebody on this hatch for a good portion of the round. So, you don't want somebody being able to walk up to this door, get kill whoever's on the hatch, and they never even cross that air jab. It's got to be on this door, so they get air jabbed at this point. Obviously they can get a bit of an angle there, but it's not much. Again, the soft wall here, so you've just got to listen out for that as well. Somebody could impact through there. You

[07:39]
know, as a vigil on the roam, they get here and they go, "Oh, there's an air jab. Okay, we'll impact through here instead." Obviously bear in mind you've got to listen to impacts all the time cuz if I was the vigil here now, I just impact above there and that'll get rid of the air jab. So, um think about that as well. When it comes to placing the air jab, you do want to get it higher up on the door as possible, but it is always possible to shoot an air jab without setting it off. Like if I was a

[07:59]
defender, I could shoot that there and it that wouldn't go off, but it's much easier Sorry, it's much harder for the defenders to get rid of air jabs higher up than it is if you put it further down where it's a bit easier to shoot. So, higher up on the door, but you again, you've got to be even though air jabs are pretty reliable, you've got to be listening cuz if you think it's from a defender's point of view, that's quite loud, isn't it? Anyway, so we put one on that door, the door above

[08:21]
in IT where I mentioned, and then we go over here to cargo. And you put one above this door here into cargo. That's all three air jabs used. Main soft wall you've got to worry about being impacted is this one cuz a lot of the jobs we're going to be doing for this attack is in this room here in control. If somebody makes a a rotate there or somebody chucks an impact at that wall, you've just got to be aware of that. Um one thing you can do with

[08:42]
this air jab, if you want to, you can do it straight away from spawn. Rather than going up to the roof first up here, you can come straight down to here, air jab that wall. The only thing is, you're kind of not set up for that air jab, if you know what I mean. You'd put that air jab down, then you'd have to go upstairs, drone IT, drone storage, put those air jabs down. And at that point, a defender could have walked up here and burnt that air jab and no one's in the

[09:04]
map or is able to react to that air jab going off. So, even though you can do it from the window straight away at the start of the round, if if a defender was to walk through here after 30 seconds and you guys still aren't in the map, that air jab's burnt and you've got nothing to watch that flank. So, personally I think you put that down and you get in the map. That now is um Nomad's job pretty much, except for we're going to drop the hatch.

[09:25]
I know that this will be reinforced normally. Nomad's job then is to drop the hatch and where we're going to plant is just tucked right in that corner there. We're going to tuck plant right in here. Now, as you can see, all of the ceiling is soft. So, with the Buck and Capitao above, are going to clear out anyone that's playing around here in Animus in tank, sorry. This is Animus, isn't it?

[09:47]
That's Animus here. Anyone around here in tank. And then the two doors that we're going to flame off with Capitao from above is going to be this door and that door. Do you remember on FPS Tactician, This door and this door. So we're here now as Nomad and we're looking at this door and this door, the two flame balls there. And that is those two doors there. So from the vert above, you just put in a a

[10:09]
flame flame door there and there. Again, I'll show you that in just a second. What you can then do is think about opening this breach wall as well cuz at this point this breach will be reinforced and probably Bandit or Cade. Um so you need to to consider doing that. By the way, when you are planning on attacking this this site, I would probably just ban Cade. It's a bit of a lazy ban. Yes, you

[10:30]
can bring EMPs and deal with it with Grim or whatever, but it's also you just know you're going to get the hatches open if you ban Cade. It's something you just don't have to even worry about once it once that's banned. Um so that's that's Nomad's job. Okay, let's move on now to Solid Snake's job. Now with Snake, we spawn at the same side of the map, the west side as we the west side as we do with I'm sorry, 37 years old I

[10:50]
can't say things like that anymore, can I? As we do with Nomad. And Snake can really assist here. We know we have that pre-placed drone in IT with Nomad. Well, Snake can now just get this scanner out, can check if it's clear all the way through to back uh storage to back uh cargo stairs, can come upstairs to rafters. And whilst we've got the Actually, let me just open this quickly. You know, we had the pre-placed drone in

[11:10]
here with Nomad, right? Well, Snake can now just stand here and can run across the back of fish stairs, the back of control Uh sorry, back of CCTV and make sure all of that's clear ready for the Nomad to jump in. And you don't even have to get into the map to do that as uh as Snake. Once Nomad put the first air jab down, Snake can then come down here and can stand under these stairs and can

[11:31]
do the same thing down here. He can run across the outside of the map and go, "Yeah, no one down here. No one down here. No one down here." And he knows Nomad can then jump down the stairs and uh and put the air jab down in storage. Once the air jab is then down, and the air jab is above here on the cargo door, this is where Snake's going to come in. Don't forget to shoot the default cam if Nomad doesn't. And this is where Snake's going to be around this

[11:52]
part of the map. Snake's ultimate job is to make a way down cargo stairs. If I just quickly um grab my other PC. I should have done this in advance, so I do apologize. I've got to make sure I don't shoot Snake's legs here, but typically the setup you'll see here will be feet holes there and then usually

[12:12]
some kind of line of sight here as well. So the thing with Snake is as you're coming down the stairs, you can get to here and you can so obviously it's going to say alert now cuz smoke's right there. But you can see if anyone's um in back I always forget the name of this room. Um wait a minute. What is that? Is that zezezeze nano tech? I always think it's like zeno or something. Nano.

[12:34]
It's nano. I can't get nano or zeno. I can't get nano in my head. You normally just say site, don't you? Then B. Um a lot of the call outs I'm not great at is where the the bomb sites are cuz you normally just say site, don't you? You don't necessarily say the room. Um so as you come down, you can see if anyone's there, but ultimately Snake's job is to stop anyone stopping the plant cuz remember we're going to be planting in this back corner here.

[12:55]
Back there. Snake's job is to stop anyone being in this area here to stop the plant. And you don't even have to get the kill. If you're coming down the stairs and being a bit annoying on the way down the stairs, we're going to open this hatch as well. I'll come on to that when we talk about Grim. Um as long as you're on these stairs, you've got to watch out for this line of sight, by the way. Um hang on.

[13:15]
I'll say that goes into the nano door. So you can't just stand on these stairs for fun. Someone's going to see your feet. You've just got to be a bit of enough of a pest to stop anyone denying the plant from here. Cuz there's no vert you can get here if you're not in control. You could In fact, you know what? Let's change this up a little bit. I brought a um I brought a a frag grenade here, but you could even bring a breaching charge. I

[13:35]
was saying there's no vert you can get from being in this room, which is where we're going to be spending most of our time. If you were to bring a breaching charge with Snake, you could just breach here. Let's just throw a nade down and pretend it's a breaching charge. Um just about there. And now using that as a breaching charge, you could use the vert, but obviously the breaching charge would give you a much much a larger area to cover. You could stop that from above,

[13:56]
but also just being down here is also going to be good for playing post plant cuz if anyone's trying to diffuse, you get an angle on them as well. So yeah, Snake's job is just to be a bit of a pest around cargo stairs. Don't need to push too far. Don't need to stretch too much. The fact that you're here will be an annoyance for the other team and will also prevent them from being able to come up the stairs and come around here and flank around into control.

[14:16]
Um so yeah, Snake's job. Let's get on to Grim. Grim has a pretty easy job if I'm honest with you. It's Capitao, Buck, and uh I suppose not Bandit and Nomad maybe. Capitao and Buck are doing the heavy lifting. Grim is just going to try and drone his teammates in, take this area here uh bottom warehouse, and use his hard breach charge on this hatch. If not, Capitao can do it. And also the

[14:38]
hard breach charge over here on this hatch. And Capitao can then is a is a bit of a sort of flex operator, bouncing between hatches, bouncing between the vert, and helping the plant get down. So as the plant's going down, you could maybe be out I mean, there shouldn't be anyone here cuz we're going to get the vert. I'll show you that in a minute. We're going to Grim out the area. Um you could

[15:00]
then play post plant on the hatch from above. The Nomad's probably going to die most of the time once the plant's down, that is, typically. Um but then the Grim can play up here. Grim is then needed for flank watch as well because what you can Remember there's a Nomad above this door and air jab, rather. Um what you then can't do is give up this hatch because it's a bit easier then to diffuse and you can cover it from above. But once the plant's down, Grim could

[15:21]
literally just stand in this corner here. And as no doubt the defenders comes up to flank, they're going to get air jabbed. You can either peek the air jab if you want to or you can just wait for them for the air jab to go off and then they'll carry on walking through and you'll get them to come through. It'll be free. Don't forget you got the air jab above to worry about. Um and yeah, you don't necessarily have to bring Grim. You could bring other hard breaches as long as you've got an alternative to Capitao just in case he dies. Capitao dying in this strat though

[15:43]
is pretty important. Um wait, no. Capitao not dying is pretty important. Uh if Capitao does die, however, you can then bring the Grim instead to do an alternative job to what Capitao's job is. Don't know if the Bailiff is going to be great for opening the angles here. In fact, you know what? We'll talk about Grim as an alternative when we get on to Capitao and when we get on to Buck cuz it's going to be easier to make the uh

[16:04]
make the vert then. Um so yeah, Grim is essentially just flicking between these two areas, helping Snake, helping Nomad, and uh and droning for them as well whilst using the hard breach charges. Quite an easy role for I mean, it's to be fair, it's quite an easy attack in my opinion. It's just getting that vert and Capitao down, which is tough. I've missed him.

[16:26]
Like smoke. So we're on to Buck's job. Buck's job is to get into control without dying. You could even maybe set up a claymore to put down as well as the air jab um if you wanted to, but the air jab should be enough. Buck's job is to open two lines of sight as well, if you maybe even a few more than that, around this area here in control, which looks down into the tank area. Um and the

[16:46]
first line of sight is going to be a big line in line with the window all the way back. Just like that. Another one adjacent this wall, but don't go right next to the wall. Come up with a little bit. You might need to just do a little bit wider on that one. Just like that. And then probably the same down here. Now what's that's done is opened all the

[17:08]
vert that we need down into tank below. That's the line above the doors. That's the line the other side. And then this is the line in the middle. Now you'll see from here now there's no vert that can be held in here that isn't safe or that can't be shot from here. You can see the window from above. Just here. You can see right down behind the tank from above. The only place

[17:28]
they're not safe at the moment is behind the tank. You can't get vert behind the tank off the bat. You can see that that we're actually I was wondering why I couldn't see that then. That's the top of the tank. There is z- I didn't even realize you couldn't get Is that the top of the site? I thought you could get a little No, no, that is the corner of the soft wall there. So where's that then? Can you get Can you get in there? Can you

[17:49]
get like an angle on that? This is I'm learning here. No, you can't. I thought you might be able to get like a bit of snow. It must be the way that the metal wall is. The metal bottom is. So yeah, that side you can't get anything behind the tank that side. So one line down this edge of the soft wall uh the soft wall. One down a line down here. And this is the the the important one as well. And then from

[18:12]
here now, you can get rid of anyone that's in tank. Now what you The reason Snake's important cuz what's probably going to happen if you're a defender is Oh, I haven't got enough shotgun shells to open that. I I just used the last one. Um what you're going to do as a defender more than likely is if you're in tank, the vert starts getting opened up like this and you you're in trouble here. You

[18:33]
can either stand here and hide, but it's not a great place to be cuz don't forget this hatch is open here as well. So it's you've got about a foot where you're not going to be seen. To be fair, even from here, you're probably going to get your legs seen from there. Um what you're probably going to do is run over here down into the bottom of cargo. And this is where Snake earns his stripes because you've now run away, the site's free. Um and Snake's doing a good enough job to

[18:53]
be annoying here. You've got to have someone come down cargo. You can't leave a defender here to be able to get that angle which is on the plant back corner there or even from the cargo door to get the plant off down there. Now as you can see, we've got the vert above, so don't worry about that too much. As the plant's going down, again, this will be Capitao's job to get involved with as well.

[19:14]
As the plant's going down, these are the two doors we're worried about most. One, two. Capitao's going to deal with them. Buck can either hold them as well just in case anyone goes for a sort of heroic dash through the fire. Or if the Snake is down in cargo, then you don't need to worry about this door. What you can do as the Buck as well is just watch this door from above just in case anyone tries to peek here

[19:34]
to stop the plant going off in the corner. Last but not least No means least and the most important piece in this whole puzzle is Capitao. So then we come on to as I say, the most important piece in this puzzle in my opinion. I've had to make the smoke the make the vert the make make the vert with smoke. Obviously Capitao doesn't have a shotgun. Uh but this is similar to what we would do with Buck. Um and as Nomad is on that hatch getting ready to drop,

[19:56]
obviously I know we've um let me just chuck a drone over there. I know we've made the vert around tank and we're pretty sure no one's in tank, but just please drop. Please drop a drone down. We've fallen flat I'll tell you where we failed a few times before. We failed by a flank where we didn't have Nomad, so that's why I put that in. We've also failed by an enemy who came and just stood here. Didn't move a muscle once

[20:16]
that hatch was opened. Obviously this wall was still reinforced. He didn't move a muscle until the plant was going down and then popped around here and stopped the plant as they peeked around. So even when you get about ready to drop the plant to to go for the plant and drop the hatch, just drop down with a drone, make sure it's all clear. Another hiding place can be like right down here in the corner. You can get some verts on this as you can see, but it's a place

[20:37]
they can hide. Um so just have a quick scan around before you drop. And when it's clear to drop, you're getting ready for the Nomad or whoever it is who's going to drop. All Capitao needs to do is flame off these two doors. So you flame just that door frame there and you flame that door frame there. And if I run around here quick enough and can drop the hatch, you'll see that no defender can now We're going to plant in the corner here. No defender can come

[20:58]
through this door or that door as I'm planting in the corner here. And even if they are trying to make that uh to stop that from happening, remember it's Nomad that's dropped and is planting. So once Capitao's flamed those holes, Capitao then stays on the vert and will watch these two doors in case

[21:19]
anyone tries to push through. You can nearly see him in the same crosshair to be fair. That's all you've got to watch. Snake behind you will be on the cargo stairs to stop anyone trying to stop the plant from there. And then you can also have the the Buck who's still upstairs. The Buck can hold from here and can hold this door if anyone if Snake's struggling or if anyone else comes into cargo, you can hold the door from above there. Um what I mentioned about Grim as a

[21:41]
substitute for Capitao, if Capitao dies earlier or Capitao's banned for any weird reason, you could do the same thing with Grim where you be off that door and be off that door. Just bear in mind a Grim ping is less of a deterrent to an enemy. If you go through a Grim ping, I'll great I'm pinged, but I'll probably be able to swing that door and kill that planter before anyone can do anything about it. Whereas the area of

[22:01]
fire is so big that if anyone tries swinging that door to try and find out where the plant's going down, they're going to take so much damage and probably die going through the fire there. Um bear in mind Capitao's fire lasts a little bit longer now after one of the recent patches as well, so it's even stronger. Once the plant's down, you can then play post plant here. You can just don't peek. Don't need to peek until you hear him diffusing and then

[22:21]
you can have a look over the top there. They'll probably try and play retake, in which case they'll try and push upstairs. And this is why I'm talking about Snake just being a bit of a deterrent, a bit of an annoyance in this area, especially with the hatch open. Obviously it's a lot easier. We you don't really want anyone dying on cargo stairs because as long as no one can come up cargo stairs, no one can flank unless they come through from the

[22:43]
vending and games and storage side, but there's an air jab still there, remember. Um now bear in mind everything I've talked about on this attack is a perfect scenario. I'm pretending that five people are on site, not pushing, not hitting air jabs, not impacting walls to try and create space. All that stuff's going to happen in a round, but I can't tell you how that's going to go cuz every round's different and that's the beauty of Siege. But in a nutshell, if you clear the tank area, which is what

[23:04]
we're doing with the vert above, so no one no defenders can be in there. And as long as you flame off these two doors, you can plant in that corner as long as you've got someone on cargo stairs. So when I say you could do this with three people, you could. You could play Capitao, Buck, and Nomad. Nomad does the same air That worried me that I nearly shot that. Nomad does the same air jabs. Buck makes the same

[23:25]
holes. Capitao does the same thing. The only change is once Capitao's flamed off that area, he would then have to make a sharp dart for cargo stairs to make sure that no one can stop the plant from cargo stairs. You know, go on the hatch mostly. Or even um I was going to say you could you could hold the door from above, but the problem is you know the typical setup in cargo here

[23:47]
with the Oh my it doesn't quite I bet this is one shot. Don't believe it. It's typical with the the feet holes here. They could try and stop the plant from here. So you've got to sort of got to go hatch and down the stairs. You can't necessarily watch the vert from above to make sure no one peeks those feet holes, although you kind of could get an angle on that from there, but it'd be really hard to see. But do you get the premise

[24:07]
of it? If you plant in that corner there, stop anyone coming through that door and that door, make sure no one's in this area by opening the floor above before you drop, it's free cheese. One thing I've not mentioned is once you've dropped with Nomad and you've got the Grim above on the hatch and the Grim's just sort of floating doing not a lot, maybe waiting for the flank, um maybe just you know, just grimming off the area and post

[24:29]
plant, Grim could drop the hatch, get rid of the Bandit battery or Kaid claw that's inevitably on this wall, open this wall and then you've got a bit of an escape to play post escape to play post plant from as well, so you can even be outside the breach and then try and stop the plant or the diffuse going on from And this if that ever gets reinforced, it's it's that's not a good

[24:50]
idea as a as defenders don't reinforce that wall. Um you can then play outside the breach as well, which is just a bit of a safer place to play post plant from. You can use your bees if you had any um to make a hole in the wall, bounce off there. Let's pretend they're bees. Yeah, so that's what you can do with Grim. Grim is a little bit flexible. You just sort of kind of bringing him for the hard breach he's really, you know, like I said, you could play Ying, you could play Striker, you could play anyone else who's got hard breaches, Demoman even.

[25:12]
Um so yeah, there you go. That's how to attack basements on Labs. I'm going to do another video soon on how to attack just this rather than just attacking that side of the map, just attack this side of the map, come and plant here. As long as you've got Exo, you can drop the hatch, come down next to and plant here. And the only place that you can be stopped is if somebody walks around this wall. So if you try and plant here this

[25:32]
is why it's a good duo queue strat, right? If you're trying to plant here, all your team name teammate needs to watch is this walk past here. As long as no one's hiding over there, obviously, which is a classic by the way. If anyone ever tries this push with you, just hide here as a defender. There's 20 seconds left in the round. The attackers are pushing in thinking about going for a plant. They're all worried about over there. Don't move a muscle.

[25:53]
3 seconds left. Plant's going down. Wait for the time to go. Stand up. Bomb plant over. Away you go. Always make sure you drone this area out as well. Yeah, another easy plant in basement. We're not getting onto that now. We'll we're talking just about down here in there in tank and in Armory. So there you go. That's how I uh to be fair, I I've sort of um I'm going to give some credit here. There's a a chap I play with every

[26:14]
now and then called um GC GC.Official George and um he showed me how to do this attack with his strat. I've sort of taken it on board, molded it a little bit with Snake and Grim and and it twisted a few of the operators slightly, but the whole sort of make vert here, Capitao off these two doors and plant in that corner is something I saw him do for the first time, so credit where credit's due to George. Um and yeah, there you go. Good luck attacking

[26:36]
basements. Fingers crossed you get on okay. And don't forget if you want to draw it out, you can do it using FPS Tactic like I have here. This might make some more sense now Snake comes down cargo stairs, make sure no one's in this area. Capitao from above flames off that door and that door. The Grim can drop the hatch and hard breach the the wall behind, which is what we just talked about. The Nomad drops and plants down

[26:57]
in this corner. And up on the first floor, we've made those three lines uh sorry, those two lines with Buck. Capitao is up here and is going to Capitao is the blue operator. Um so let me just switch that over. Capitao is the blue operator, so you can use the arrows if you want to to um go blue arrow and then say, you know, flame down into those holes there or you know, whatever.

[27:19]
Um so yeah, play around with FPS Tactic. There'll be a link um made by a member of the community and he's updating it constantly as well. He's already got a Snake in from the new season. Couple of other things he changes. If you've got any recommendations, um then just stick them in the comments on here and I'll and I'll pass them on to him. I know, like I said, there is a bit of a mistake here. There should be a hatch in this area where I put that orange square, but he's going to add that in, so there you

[27:39]
go. Good luck attacking Labs basement. Hopefully this has been helpful. If you don't like any of the things I've done there with different operators or whatever, you can just twist and adapt it. The Capitao I think is pretty essential, but if you don't want to play Grim or you want to play Nomad instead of Gridlock or you want to make the vert with Sledge, which is absolutely fine. All that sort of stuff can be twisted. The premise is the same. Drop and plant in this corner here, stop anyone getting

[27:59]
through these two doors, and make sure no one's stood in this area from above. And away you go. Good luck with it. Thanks as always for getting involved with the channel. I really appreciate it and I'll see you next time. Cheers.
