Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5SRuXkYjI8
Map: Skyscraper
Side: Defense

[00:00]
And boom, kinichua troops. A little here again with another video and it's time to look at the skyscraper setup. Every single site will go through the full setup, every rotate, reinforcement, head hole, feet hole, line of sight that you need to know to win more defenses. Now, skyscraper is defender sided. However, it has to be set up right because it's very easy to exploit if it isn't set up right. One more thing before we get

[00:20]
stuck into it. You might be saying, why are you sat at home in a coat and a woolly hat? Well, I refuse to put the heating on in this room that I'm in here until December. Um, and I'm trying to prove a point this year that I can do it because I failed last year. So, it's pretty cold. It's like 11 degrees in this room now, Celsius. So, yeah, you probably think I'm a bit weird sat here with a coat and a hat on, but that's why if you were wondering. Thanks for

[00:40]
listening. Right, let's get into the skyscraper setup. That's enough waffling. Let's get stuck into it. Okay, let's get started with tea and karaoke then. We'll start here over on the karaoke side and we'll start over at the black stairs side um over here. Now, um there's a couple of areas you've got to worry about on this map. This door being one of them obviously these stairs coupled with this door then geisha and

[01:02]
then also drum the it's one of these tough sites where you know generally speaking if you're playing clubhouse on CCTV sorry CCTV on clubhouse you sort of know where the attack's going to come from. If you're playing Oregon you know generally speaking the attack's going to come from master side most of the time. Skyscraper you might as well roll a dice at the start of the round. And this is why the setup for this site is so crucial and quite difficult to get

[01:24]
right. Now what I've done is you'll see there's a load of holes in walls here. I've set up everything as I would if everyone knows what they're doing. But please don't make all these head holes if the rest of your team don't know what they're doing. I'll go through what they're all for in a second, but don't think you've got to do this for every setup. I'll show you what the four and then you adopt which ones which of these head holes you think best suit the way

[01:45]
you're playing the site. You know, don't just go the worst thing you can do when you look at a setup video is go, "Oh no, I watched a video of an old bald man and he did a head holes all the way across here, so I'm going to do that now." So have a look at why we do it and then see if it falls into the way that your team or the way you're going to be defending the uh the site. Okay. So we start over here on the black stairs side and we've got to rotate from karaoke out into top

[02:06]
black stairs. This is also useful for holding this door from here. It's one of the only safe places you can hold this door from here. There's also an argument to say reinforce this wall because otherwise if you're over on this door, you can basically cut off a lot of the sight by just shooting through there and now all of a sudden the person that's holding this area just can't get out either side. It's tricky. Um so there is an argument to say reinforce that. I

[02:27]
don't particularly like doing it. Then over on the other side we've got a rotate in exactly the same place but going over towards geisha. We've then reinforced the geisha wall. We've made feet holes into drum. I'll come on to that in a second. Um, and we've also made a nice little vertical hole here. You get some people who don't enjoy droning and we'll just run through the window that they think is um going to be

[02:47]
sort of the the freest area into the map. This is one of those spots where you can hold a nice little angle onto the kitchen window below whilst you're defending geisha. You hear that window go? There's a freebie for you. There's another area you can do that over here. I have to be careful cuz I'm running out of shotgun shells. But over here, right in the corner of karaoke, that there underneath there is the bathroom window. So, that is another place people are going to hop into. They may drone it cuz

[03:09]
there's a drone hole down on the left, I think it is. Yeah, there's a drone hole there. Just there. The drone hole there. They're probably not going to look at the vert when they jump in. So, this is another nice freebie here as well. So, that covers geisha and the far side of karaoke. However, we've then got a head holes throughout all of these uh these walls. Now, the reason we do this um

[03:29]
playing in karaoke is almost impossible. I would say it's pretty tricky, especially with this window here. A lot of people like to just sit on this window. Now, jumping out of window like run outs higher up are um are no longer an option because as you're falling, you can't ADS. This window is a pretty safe place to be for attackers these days. So, someone is generally going to be on here, which kind of divides the site

[03:50]
into two. It means you're going to be have to like play here, but you can't cross or vice versa. You can be behind this bomb and you can't cross. Here's a little bit trickier to play cuz as we mentioned before, you've got the top black stairs door to worry about. The reason we make these headles is twofold. To look both ways. So from being in karaoke now, if you do end up in karaoke, you can hold the drum door to te and you can hold further back in tea

[04:12]
if they make the breach from this side as well. You can hold the door from here as well. You can hold a bit further into here as well. But vice versa, if you're now top black stairs and someone's on that window, I can now hold the window from somewhere like this. You could hold the window, jump in from somewhere like this if you made this hole. And you can go over into T and hold the window from into T. Obviously, you wouldn't just stand in the middle here, but you know,

[04:32]
hold a bit more of a passive angle here. You can make holes here as well. You can do it all the way across if you want to. I usually do, but I'm running out of shotgun shells. And you can see that now from T, I can also hold karaoke. And from karaoke, I can also hold T. Um, playing in either T or karaoke is a a bloody tricky place to be. The only really safe spot is

[04:54]
behind tucked in these sort of half walls here. These are the two safe spots to be really, but even then, there's verts underneath. But you can take cover here. You see this all the time holding this rotate here. But yeah, you you can defend both from both sides. You know what I mean? Now, if these head holes don't fit into your plan for defense, don't worry. You don't have to make them. Again, don't just go, "Oh, no. I saw a video and someone made those head holes, so I'm going to do it as well." Understand why you do it. And also,

[05:17]
don't just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your teammates over either. If your teammates don't know why you're making them and all of a sudden they're not used to having headles all over the place and you got a teammate who's playing here and and he's like just you know waiting on this door whatever and all of a sudden now he's going to get do from karaoke window cuz he's got no idea this line of sight exists. Okay. Um so that's T and Karaoke Geisha. We did talk about the verse hole. We've

[05:38]
made the feet holes to drum. We This again is twofold. We can now hold drum and the walking from Terrace from here. And vice versa if you're playing drum and somebody walks into geisha. I'll just make my way over here quickly and you're now holding drum. Again, one of the probably the best anchor spots in the entire map. Bear with me. Shoot the radio. I just looked at the wrong sp

[05:59]
place for the radio there. Oh, missed it. There's one there. There's one over here as well. Where are you? So, um, the feet holes work both ways. Now, from here, I can watch if anyone jumps in the gisha window or obviously the breach may likely get open as well. And you can hold anybody walking in from the breach. This is a place you don't really want to have an SMG11, but I like a decent SMG AR here. And you should never really

[06:20]
lose the fight of somebody jumping in geisha window. Somebody getting peaked from the breach is a bit trickier, but again, you still have a better angle from here. Uh, so that covers t karaoke and geisha. Now, there are a few other head holes you can make if you want to. You can make a head hole here. And your reason you would do that if you're playing geisha, you can now hold the cross from top black or the walk up from top black stairs. And you can also make

[06:42]
feet of holes uh a little fe hole here. This is to watch the stairs for anyone coming up that way as well. That covers this end of the map. You can also make feet holes along here if you wanted to. I'm not a massive fan of these because if an attacker gets the restaurant stairs, they can just cut off all of T themselves. The idea being is if there's a late flank coming up from restaurant stairs if you drop drum from here, you could then come up restaurant

[07:04]
stairs and then you would be able to see into tea from here without having to go around and peek the door, which is obviously only one angle. So that covers karaoke and t-side. However, that does not end the setup because over on the other side of the map, it is just as Oh, I haven't talked about this rotate here, by the way. use this rotate as like a a bit of an easy bit of maneuverability

[07:25]
early on and if you need to, there's nothing wrong with reinforcing this later on in the round if you want to when you fall back. But it is nice to be able to get sort of in and out of drone without having to go through the two main doors that are easily cut off from there and easily cut off from over here as well. So being able to like sort of dip in and out of teeth from without using the two main doors is yeah super important. And

[07:47]
then being able to reinforce it as well. Over on the other side of the map, we've also got some reinforcements over here. We've done the single wall here in uh in VIP. And then we've got the office breach just here. Also, the single wall that goes out onto the terrace door and a little rotate so you can get between office and mini bar without having to go

[08:08]
uh through this door here, which is obviously then because you can get cut off from this door here. So, a few little head holes here. You'll be able to hold the samurai window from here by standing on the table. also be able to hold anyone jumping in the terrace window or anyone be coming in through the terrace door from this hole here. Now, use this this area of the map in my opinion. Oh, and by the way, this is the walkie-talkie that makes the noise. This

[08:29]
area of the map, in my opinion, is my well, it's my favorite place to play, but it's also the most important place to hold. Unless the attackers are doing a completely direct take of black stairs and geisha, um, then being over here is very, very important. And you must reinforce what I've shown you there. You really need like a mute jammer or some bandit batteries, K cause on here. You don't want to just let the attackers open this wool right at the start of the round for free. Um otherwise they get a

[08:51]
lot of you then can't really play in this room. You have to drop back to exi and all of a sudden you have to sort of play here and it's not a great place to be. Nice little angle by the way through the casing onto the terrace door there. And you can also you can pre-fire this door really easily in a way that you can see the sort of the the window frames and skyscraper have like a what the hell was that reload sound?

[09:14]
Can you hear the sound echoing? Listen to the reload here. Sorry. Excuse me. I'm getting off topic a second. Sounds super echoey. Wow. The the reload sound sounds wild here. It must be something to do with

[09:34]
being between two rooms, I'm guessing. Anyway, what I was saying is the skyscraper windows have like large window frames above them. So, you can see where the edge of the window is going to be after like it's a little bit of practice. You'll see. So, and and every barricade to be fair, you can do this. Like, if I just punch out this barricade quickly, you can see that the window isn't where the the yellow tape

[09:54]
of the barricade is. So, you can line it up. You know that the next sort of pixel or two is going to be where the uh the edge of the window is. I get so many pre-fires by just pre-firing that. You get every attacker every game does this, right? They come here, they crouch, and they hold this angle like this. &gt;&gt; They hold that. And if you just pre-fire that quickly, don't spray it. Just a little sort of once in that area, you

[10:16]
will get kills. But like I say, you can learn where the the edge of the window is. Then you've got the barricade tape or wherever you want, whatever you want to call that. And then just see the first bit of daylight just there. Right. So, oh yeah, one more bit of verse you can do for free kill somebody walking in as well is the door. I'll show you where that is. It's the cubby, closet, whatever you want to call it, door here.

[10:37]
Soon as they come in, they want to push up house stairs. Boom, they're dead. So, three nice little vert holes you can get where people might not be looking at the vert when they come in early on. Also, another nice little angle if they are pushing samurai window, which is a really popular place to push. This is a lovely angle. Play just place a procs or if you're playing like Fenry or Musi or something, place that there. You can tuck in here so you're not on show from the terrace or as soon as you hear it go

[10:58]
pop up. Boom. Absolute freebie. Do it all the time. So yeah, you got to hold over here as well. The idea is you hold over here. Generally speaking, depending what ELO you're in, again, I don't want to sound patronizing to lower ELOs. Lower ELOs will generally see direct attacks around Geisha and Black Stairs, whereas higher ELOs will generally see what we call um office across where you take office, which is here, first and

[11:19]
then go across. So ideally, you want to start in office, shoot the drones that come through this drone hole, shoot the drones that come up house stairs. You've got to have at least two two people over here in my opinion. And then you sort of slowly move back as the wave of attackers come out more as more ying candalas grim bees day tracks come at you. You sort of give up space as you go as you move back. But you don't give it up all at once. And you've got to make

[11:40]
sure you offer some resistance. Don't die needlessly. But you know, take a gunfight if you have to. You know, let them know you're there and then slowly move back. Make sure you're not getting cut off from the terrace door and of course the terrace window as you move back as well. Always prep this for a run out as well at the start of the round. Just hit that twice at the bottom there. Prep that for a run out. Just be careful. There's very likely a claymore on the window on this side usually. So

[12:01]
if you've got a mute jammer, I usually keep a mute jammer in me pockets or if you're playing solish, you can check before jumping out to get anyone on the terrace. Uh sorry, the geisha window. That is T and karaoke pretty much summed up. Um it's a it's a lot to go through there. Although it is probably the busiest site. Although to be fair, when you're defending office and exhibition,

[12:22]
it's pretty much the same kind of thing. Although it's generally more of a direct attack for Office Exhibition because there's a breach directly onto the site and whenever that happens, people just love pushing the breach directly on the site. Obviously, there's no breach directly on the site, external breach directly on the site. Obviously, you've got T here, which in my opinion is one of the easiest places to plant as well because you can clear tea out fairly easily with a little bit utility.

[12:42]
Anyway, we're not talking about attacking, we're talking about defending. So, yeah, there we have it. T and karaoke doing a lot to take in. A lot of head holes. I've got what three shotgun shells left before I ran out of ammo there. Um, so yeah, there's a lot to go through. Remember, only make the heads that benefit you as a team or as a player. Don't just make it cuz you've seen someone make it on a video. And um, yeah, you should be fine with that.

[13:03]
Office exhibition then. Kind of similar to well, it's not it's kind of like the same setup in a way that you do, although with obviously not as much over on the geisha side. So quickly, the reinforcements on both office walls are reinforcements in between office and exhibition. Reason being is otherwise if the breach is open and attackers are just firing through, you need if you're in exhibition here, which is a pretty

[13:24]
important place to be, need a little bit of cover from the brereech. You can't just have all this as soft wall. We've made the same two headles that we did before, so you can watch anything in terrace here, and you can watch the samurai window here. And we've also made the same ver hole looking down at the closet door that we did before as well. You can also use this both ways. That isn't a very good example of it. both ways to look at bottom house stairs as well if you want to. That is pretty much

[13:45]
office and exhibition summed up. You can if you want to. There could be an argument to say reinforce this wall. The reason being is if this breach gets opened the attackers can stand over on this angle here and just open up this wall if it's soft. The only thing is if it's reinforced, it makes a nice plant spot for attackers like to just tuck in against the plant here. And the only place to attackers have to watch then is

[14:07]
this door and that door. And it makes the plant a little bit easier. You know, you can smoke off that door. Watch this door as the plant goes down if this wall's reinforced. So, I don't always like reinforcing that. Although, it does kind of make this area, which is usually a pretty safe spot to play, kind of tough if this wall's just open and the breach is open as well. So, um we've got the office area covered. Over in

[14:28]
exhibition, we've got two rotates. One going out into terrace and one going out into shrine, sorry, into uh dragon. It's important that we have both of those rotates because you can't just give up those areas of the map too easy. Like we spoke about on the drum side of things. If uh you get pushed back too quickly and you want to come back in here and reinforce this later on, you can do. Although I've used all the

[14:48]
reinforcements, obviously if you've got some left, you can use them. I would say the dragon rotator is more important than the uh the terrace rotator. Although this is still like important. You can't just let attack. Bear in mind, you've got a door and a window here and drum here. Attackers can just swell up in this area if this is reinforced. so easily. So being able to fight back onto here and like offer a bit of resistance into this area. So you can peek both

[15:10]
sides of the door there and then here as well is really really important. Same goes for dragon. There's the uh window up at shrine there and obviously this goes to the other side of drum as well. So exactly the same thing. You've got to provide a bit of resistance to this area of the map to begin with. You can't just give this up too quickly. Otherwise attackers are going to be in dragon or in terrace super fast and they'll have

[15:30]
all the map control and all the time in the round to work with. on the other side of the map. Let me go over to um this side first. We've done a a kind of similar thing, but a little bit different. We've reinforced the geisha wall here and we've reinforced the T- wall here and we've barricaded both the door that leads through to the restaurant stairs and the door that goes directly into T. So, we've kind of sort of drawn a line down the map and said

[15:52]
whatever happens sort of beyond down that line there, whatever happens over that side of the map, we'll sort of let them have control of that. And this is where I'll start the first bit of resistance. If you want to, you can start further over the map. You can start over and sort of tee and um and try and stop a couple of drones coming in through Geisha if they come that way and then fall back this way. I like just drawing a line here and saying, "Look,

[16:12]
you can have you can have everything up to there. However, from here, this is mine." Then we want to make sure we reinforce Geisha and we reinforce T because unless they bring a hard breach over this side, the only way they're going to get through here is through that door or through that door. So, you're kind of forcing them and channeling them through two doors. If you leave this wall soft or these walls soft, any sledge, book, ash, zof, any other soft breach, we'll be able to make

[16:33]
another angle for you to worry about. At the moment, as it stands, if they don't bring a hard breach here, we only worry about two doors. Um, so yeah, it's important that we do that. Of course, if you're in this area and drum, this is where I usually play on this site. You've got to be careful again of getting cut off from anyone just holding that sounded like it lagged them, but I'm in a local game. Anyone just holding the cut off here, which is a very common

[16:53]
thing to do. It's also common for attackers to repel here and just hold a head glitch on this door. So be careful when you're coming back through drum. You're trying to get back to sight. You've got to sort of quick peek that angle first on repel to see if anyone's there or not. You can't just run through here. You're going to get toasted from this little head glitch here. If you don't do that, by the way, start doing it. It's there's so many freebies. Attackers are so worried about this Terry store here, they forget that

[17:14]
anyone could be on this window. So they're just like running back to side. They're looking at this and they forget this could even be open. It's such a nasty little angle to have your head down there. And that's about it really. Um, you can make a a a head hole here if you want to. And it means now you can hold the uh shrine window from down here as well if you want to. Don't forget that also means attackers can then take top shrine and also hold you from there

[17:35]
as well. Works both ways. Um, and that's that's about it really. I would recommend making some higher shotgun holes if you're playing smoke and for C4. So if anyone's about to come through the brereech, you know, there's 10 seconds left, you know they've got to push the brereech, you can just play the C4 over the top. Again, don't forget about your pre-fire here. And that's a little bit more I mean I've gone through that a little bit um quicker than I did

[17:56]
the other site. I don't think I'm missing anything there really. Um I would definitely recommend having someone underneath to start the round as well just because there's likely going to be an ash going to closet uh or walking as it's called on the map. Sorry, on this window here and then this is where the breach is. So they're going to ash charge there below sometimes. Um so chucking a um my magnet

[18:18]
on this window isn't a bad idea either. So definitely recommend having someone below. At least one person an exhibition, at least one person shrine, one person terrace would be my sort of layout. But terrace is not a place you can stay for long cuz obviously this door's going to get open. This window is going to get open and you're probably going to get pushed from this side of the map as well. So terrace again is one of those places where you try and absorb a bit of utility, a drone or two, and

[18:38]
then just fall back into this area. Watch the door or, you know, come around to here. You can fire onto the door from here as well. It's quite difficult for attackers to um push through this door here cuz there's a lot of angles if you've made the holes that we've made. There's quite a few different angles that they have to worry about as they come through it. You know, they can't just turn and face mini bar straight away. You got you can face mini bar here

[18:58]
and you can also be tight on this angle here. You could be in drum. You could be up on the um &gt;&gt; shrine angle. You could be on the rotate here. See how we've got lots of different angles for defenders, sorry, for attackers to uh to have to worry about. I think this is my favorite site on the map. I think this is easier than tea and karaoke to defend because the attack is usually a bit more predictable. Most people push this breach generally speaking. Whereas when

[19:20]
you're defending tea and karaoke, it's like it could go either way. It's really tough to predict how to defend that side. So I think this one's a little bit easier personally. On to barbecue and kitchen then. Unfortunately, I already shot the radio and then I messed up what I was trying to say. So I've had to redo the clip. So just pretend I ah we shot the radio. Right. Starting over on on kitchen then. Um just just one thing about this site. It's very very

[19:40]
flexible. I'll mention that a few times. probably get bored of me saying that. There's a few things which I haven't done yet which I'm going to leave on a bit of a black canvas such as the uh the wall over there into the bathroom, but we'll talk about it as we go. First things first, obviously we're going to No wonder why people say that. No, first things ninth um we're going to talk about this reinforcement here on the left side and we also leave head holes on the right side of pantry. Therefore,

[20:01]
you can watch out towards supply over there. The reason we do that is because if you reinforce both of these walls other than these two soft walls here, you sort of give the attackers almost free reign to just to walk all the way up here to the side door without really being challenged apart from one doorway with those head holes there. It's going to give you and then it's I've said this loads of times in defensive setups. It's all about creating angles for defenders

[20:23]
uh sorry for attackers to worry about. So whilst we're here as the defender, we can now hold this kind of angle as well. You could get a bit ratty if you wanted to make a little punch hole and you go prone because when attackers come around a corner and they see head holes, the first place they look is there. You can barely even see that. If that was just there on its own, it'd be really obvious. But because this is where you're worried about as an attacker and obviously bear in mind a lot of the

[20:44]
sight housings, like you can see my sight housing is going to cover that um head hole. I'm using a a reflex um C I think here. Um obviously most people are going to use holographic A and that will be covered on holographic A. So um yeah, we leave that open for head holes. Then we've got the two soft walls here. Now, I don't reinforce these, but I could understand why you would want to reinforce this one. Maybe um not so much

[21:06]
these. You don't need to reinforce those. But if you're going to be playing aggressive here in pantry and you're going to be holding pantry over towards into supply, is that called supply? I'm losing my head there. Delivery, sorry, not supply over in towards delivery. You don't want to just be getting shot from restaurants, which is over there. Um, however, um, if you're not holding this area,

[21:26]
head holes here as a defender can be useful because you can now hold into that area yourself. Bear in mind with an SMG11 at this range, it's not advised. If you had, um, you know, a DMR or even just something that's like an SMG or an AR that's got a holographic on will be a lot better and easier to hold than trying to get an SMG11 shot over there. So, you can hold on to this area here and you can defend out towards delivery,

[21:48]
not supply. Um, and you can reinforce this wall here to give you a bit more protection and you're kind of in a bit of a safe haven here. However, this is the geisha wall there. Um, we'll we'll have a look at that when we go up. That's the geisha wall above. You could even make vert there to hold the geisha walk-in wall from below if you wanted to. But if you ever want to get the denial off gisha wall if you're on attack, this is where the geisha wall is

[22:08]
when you come underneath. Come down into here and this is where it is. This little drop here is the drop that drops down into drum. So that covers pantry. We've then got a rotate on the left hand side between kitchen and barbecue over here. Uh we can put a rotate in here if you want to, but just bear in mind that can give a long angle for attackers from here to then be able to see all the way

[22:29]
through. Um the rotate over here though is super super important because you never want just one way between the two sight rooms. You the only way at the moment is this door. So if they were if the attackers were planting and they advert for this door, there'd be no way you could get through. However, now we've got two options and you can sort of make the attackers have to choose between one. We also have a rotate here. Again, not everybody likes this because this

[22:50]
window here, attackers can get on repel and hold a super tight angle across into the site. I like this because otherwise your only real way out to fight back in towards restaurants and in towards bathroom here is through the site door. This gives you a little way out. Um, just another way of bobbing out and having a little scrap there. Also, it means when you if you're coming back down to sight and you need to get into sight, if the enemy are in bathroom here

[23:12]
and they may and they're holding this angle here on the site door, you can't get back into the site. However, having this little angle here, this little rotator here, sorry, just means you can bob back into the site, fire back onto bathroom and restaurants. Um, we've got two reinforcements on the triple wall that goes out towards the uh long bar or I mean, what's it called on the map? Sushi bar. I've only ever really called this long bar. Does anyone actually call

[23:33]
this sushi? I don't think I do. um or restaurant bar maybe you'd call it. But this is so you can get in and out of sight here again without using this door. If there's an enemy over in this area or this area, you only way out is through this door. They can just hold the door and you're struggling. This rotate gives you a crouch rotate and don't stand up as you go through it. But crouch and you've got cover behind the bar to fight into wherever you need to

[23:54]
fight into. You don't have to have this here, but again, I find this position like really strong to hold on to. You can cover a lot of area here. You can use the um the bar as cover obviously from all angles. this little bit that sticks out as well can even cover you from that area. It's a really solid place to be. There's no vert to worry about above. So yeah, I like that area. Um but if you if you sort of do what you do on Oregon elbow, I always use that

[24:14]
example where if you're struggling, you can sort of move back and um reinforce later on into the round. This is the wall I've left um soft because if you said to me you wanted to make head holes to defend the bathroom window from the side door, I wouldn't think that was a bad thing to do. If you said you wanted to reinforce this because you don't want the enemy to be able to stand outside the map

[24:36]
and be able to hold through the sight door. I would also agree with you. I think there's cases for both and I don't think there's a right answer here which whichever one you are comfortable with and whichever one your stack is comfortable with. Obviously that's the side door. This is going to be soft. So as an attacker, if you had a DMR, you could just cut off half the side from this window without even getting into the map. So, if you want to reinforce

[24:56]
this wall, I wouldn't hold that against you. We've got to hold upstairs on this site, folks. You have to, otherwise you're going to really struggle. And the reason for that, all of this floor above here in karaoke and all of the floor above here in Geisha. And obviously, the wall between it is soft. There's a hatch above as well, which we've opened. I'll come on to that in a second. Reinforce geisha single wall and reinforce the

[25:17]
drum wall. I don't I know we don't normally do that. This is the hole we made, by the way, when we were talking about the geisha wall. That was below. I know we don't normally do that when we defend up here for tea and karaoke. However, what I tend to do when I'm defending barbecue and kitchen is draw a line across the map starting here on the the wall that goes across drum. Just draw a line across there and say whatever is beyond that wall the attackers can have for free almost. Your

[25:38]
defense starts at this line here. Unless you want to play a Roma over there who's just playing the life. Um I wouldn't advise it personally cuz they're probably going to die. But draw a line across the map and say anything that side you can have. Now, I know I said when you're defending T and Karaoke, you must defend the other side of the map. However, we're defending underneath and above. You can't then defend underneath, above, and the other side of a map.

[25:58]
You're going to be ending up being spread too thin. You can't do it all. So, I draw a line across there and barricade drum door. And I barricade the door over towards shrine as well. And just say anything across there is theirs. You could even reinforce these two walls and play around here to start with backing off to karaoke if you need to. You could make head holes through here as well like we did on the T and karaoke defense. I didn't want to run out of shotgun shells this time, though.

[26:20]
So, we've made a vert hole for the kitchen window. That's going to be really important. Like we talked about before, you can see the window down there. That's a really unfortunate placement of those planks. If anything gets in your way like that, by the way, just go prone and just sort of push your body into them and it'll move it out the way. If you try and shoot them, it very rarely moves where you want it to move. Just sort of brute force it with your body and force it through and it'll move. So, you can hold the window from there. Don't forget the vert for the

[26:40]
bathroom window. It's just as important on this site. Right tight in the corner there. That's now the bathroom window that we jumped out of before. or you can hold the jump in from there. So, if you were to reinforce the wall where we said it, you know, there's no right hand. So, this one here, you're not just leaving um the attackers to be able to jump in this window for free because you can hold it from above if you want to as well. We've got to rotate out towards

[27:01]
black stairs and obviously the rotate between karaoke and the geisha hall over here. And again, you can play behind here and on this um this window. Now, there is a little bit of a few vert places that I always make vert for this site and that is down here. And then using this, you can see the rotate that we made bottom black stairs. But this is a really popular plant spot over here in this corner and tucked into

[27:23]
this corner here along this line. People love planting here. So definitely make that. And I also make one just for the sight door window. You know when I said you want to be able to go through the rotate or the sight door? Well, now we can see the sight door and we can see the rotate as well. You've got to defend upstairs. I keep going on about that, but you really, really do. A soft floor everywhere. are a decent attacking side to be able to get so much vert so

[27:43]
quickly and force you out of the sight. You can then drop the hatch as an attacker. This is a lovely plant spot here in this corner. So, as an attacker, if you and I'm just going to talk about a quick attack stratey. I know this is a defense video, but I'm telling you an attack strat cuz then you might know how to counter it. As an attacker, come to this window, start yinging or sensing, grimming, whatever you want to do to like any operator that's like a area

[28:04]
denial type operator that's going to flush defenders away from that window. Do that there. This is once you've got vert, by the way, this is why I'm showing you how easy it is. Once you have the vert from that window, start doing that. If you've got the vert over here with one little hole on the site door, as soon as you start ying in that room, the anchor defender is going to run through this door to run to the other side of the site. Boom. Freebie

[28:26]
absolutely every time. And then as an attacker, ultimately you can just drop and plant in this corner here. Really nice little plant spot. And then whoever's playing the window can either jump in or can hold an angle here or here. It's not amazing cuz if they come through the side door. Um they can just stop the plant from here and you don't get seen from the window until the very last

[28:47]
second. But it's a really really easy place to plant in my opinion. And as a defender, that's why holding upstairs is so important. And obviously if they tried to plant there and you're above, hello. You can see them from the hatch. I actually really rate this site. I enjoy playing it. It's hectic. It's fun. A lot happens. cuz there's a lot of different ways of u of attackers going at it. You can do sort of direct or you can um you can go above and I think if you don't defend above you're probably

[29:08]
going to lose it unless you don't defend above and they don't attack from above. But I think do you not I'm just going to go off tangent very quickly which I know is not like me at all. Do you not think like the standard of siege is so good these days? Like I'm saying like you've got to defend from above and even in like I don't know I'm I'm just picking ranks out my ass here but even in like low gold people will now know to attack

[29:29]
from above on on sites like this. That wasn't the case two or three years ago. So that's why when I'm talking about ranks it is still relevant even in in inverted commas lower ranks. Um not there's anything wrong with being a lower rank. It's just temporary until you you improve and become a higher rank. That's all. Uh and watching this video will definitely do that for you. Sorry, little uh commercial break there for you. So, yeah. Do you not think like

[29:51]
just the standard is so much better now? Like compared to what it was 2 or 3 years ago? Like attackers know I must attack vertically here in even in in the lower end of the rank spectrum. And it never used to be like that. It's just even winning a rank game is so tough these days, man. Right. Anyway, that is barbecue kitchen. I hope I've been through everything with you. Um one more thing over here in delivery.

[30:14]
this area here. It lends itself quite well to being able to start further forwards in the defense and then move back as utility and drone comes at you. I've said this loads of times before. I'm going to open paint quickly. I know I'm in the middle of a video, but I'm going to do it. I've said this loads of times before. Here is No, I don't know why I've done that. Here is the attackers. Here is the defenders. The

[30:35]
attackers start here and want to get here. The defenders can start here if they want to. But as a defender, you must make what I call the onion. And all that is is layers of defense for the attackers to get through before they get to where they want to get to, which is there. If you don't start your layers, and the attackers need to use utility and drones to break these layers and get

[30:56]
towards the site. If you don't start your layers of defense until here, you've only got three layers of the onion to soak up utility and drones. If you start your defense further away from the site, we've now got however many layers of the onion to soak up utility and drones. I hope that makes sense cuz it makes sense to me. Um, so what I mean by that is if you start your defense here,

[31:18]
all the utility is going to force you from this position. You sort of haven't really got anywhere to go as opposed to starting your defense from here. You get the first drone that comes through there. You get flashbanged out of here. No problem. I can be flashbanged. I can now start here. Right? We give one layer of the onion up and we move back. Okay, here's another layer of the onion. And now we've got already got three layers of utility and drones that the attackers

[31:38]
have had to use to find out where we are. Now, don't get me wrong, you can't just be on the other end of the map and be like, "No, they're going to force me out of here." Andy said, "I've got an onion." Because they can also just go direct through the sight door and sight window rather. And uh and that's the beauty of Siege because you never know what the attackers are going to do. But always try and put more layers on your defensive onion is is my motto. Right,

[31:59]
let's get on to the last site that nobody ever plays anyway, but we'll talk about it still. Okay, last but by no means, in fact, yeah, last and least actually, is bathroom and bedroom. I don't rate this site whatsoever. It's not easy to defend. The other three are far, far superior. But the way to set it up, in my humble opinion, is to put a rotate here, bottom left, reinforce this

[32:19]
right side. I should have done this already. Sorry. Reinforce the right side so they can't just, the attackers can't just open that window there and just shoot all the way through the site. You do need to have a bit of a rotate here though into bathroom to be able to have a couple of different angles through the door like we talked about before. Just bear in mind that this is still soft. So they could just stand on the window here and just pelt through here. I mean, if you said to me I wanted to reinforce that, I wouldn't hold it against you.

[32:40]
However, I've only got one. I haven't got any reinforcements left. So you could take out one of these triples. Maybe you could take out the right side perhaps and use that there if you wanted to. Um, but in my opinion, I prefer the rotate. I just like having more ways of trying to uh if you just I I say this all the time. If you just have one doorway or one set of head holes, attackers have only got one thing to watch. So yeah, don't get me wrong, it

[33:01]
also means you can die from there as well. Absolutely. Um but you can also like you can use a like for example from here you can now see it's kind of like feet holes as well. You can see them jump in if you need to. You don't have to stand in a door to hold that like from here. Um you could hold it from here if you needed to. It just gives it a few more options. Uh over here in closet, reinforce the left side, head holes on the right. If you reinforce both of those walls here, you basically

[33:22]
give the attackers free reign up to this door. Obviously, then they can breach this wall and sights right there. You've got to defend that area. I would even put one eye magnets probably on here cuz Ace tends to throw Salma's um onto this wall here. So, yeah, definitely have something here to defend this. This is a hot spot. Um and what I sometimes do is play warden here and put a shield across there and then use the uh the shield and the head holes um as well. Again, this

[33:44]
site you must play upstairs. We'll come on to that in a second though. Rotate from bedroom into bathroom. Don't forget you can hide in the bath. It's just f it's really not as common on skyscraper is it as it is on chalet and villa. You can hide in the bath if you want to. You can also use the Japanese toile that will wash your ass for you. I've never used one of them. Comment in the below if you've ever used a Japanese toile that washes your ass for you. That must be an insane experience. Um over here

[34:07]
we've got the left hand side to delivery reinforced again like we talked about when we defending kitchen on the other side. Exactly the same reasoning here. You can start out there. You can also peek outside from here if you want to. Although I don't recommend losing your life to attack if you die to an attacker that's not even gone in the map. That's on you. I think I think that I think that's poor for a defender. So yeah, don't don't just like stand here and and

[34:28]
lose your life. You know, you at least force them through. Put a bit of utility on the wall here, a fender or prox alarm. Soon as they walk in, you can play off it type thing. Um this is a fairly dangerous place to be delivery on this side because this wall, this window will get opened and you've also got a cut off on another window. Sorry, excuse me. Not there. just here. It's I I think it's a tricky place to play and there's

[34:48]
no great way out either. Like if you walk out here, you seen from the door, you have like to have to vault through a window to escape isn't a great feeling either. It's a tricky place to be. It's just it's not a very good site. Um upstairs, you can tell I'm kind of rushing through this because I don't actually like this site. Upstairs, we kind of re we play it a bit like we did when you're defending um exhibition and office. So, we

[35:10]
reinforced the single wall. We reinforced the single wall here into that goes out to the terrace um exit. Reinforce the two office walls. Reinforce the middle wall here between office and exhibition. Heads for samurai window. Head holes for terrace door like we talked about before. But if you've got this far in the video, there's one thing I don't think I did when I talked about setting up office and exhibition.

[35:30]
And that is this little rotate on the left hand side here. If I didn't mention that, I don't think I did. That's a big mistake. You should always make this rotate when you're defending office and exhibition. Um, one, you should always make uh head holes here. Well, higher than head holes actually for C4s and for smokes. I think I did talk about that, although I mean it's not that long ago and I'm already forgetting. But this rotate here is super important because

[35:51]
you can get to fight on the brereech and you can crouch walk through here without being seen from the brereech unless they're on the repel outside. You can sneak through here and what you'll tend to see is an attacker will sort of push in. They'll try and plant behind the table here. Your C4 will sail over the top and land out on the brereech and the planter doesn't get injured. shoot the radio and the walkie-talkie.

[36:12]
Um, so this little rotate on the right hand side here, it's super sneaky and enables you to just just come and try and take a little bit more space if you need to get back through. I really rate it. If I didn't mention that on the office, um, exhibition defense, I do apologize. Please put it in. So, um, we can make the same vertangle that we do for watching the closet walkin like we talked about already. That's important

[36:32]
on this side. And again, you hold upstairs. The two downstairs sites are very similar. your hold upstairs um because there's a lot of soft floor downstairs. All around here is soft. All in here is soft as well. We keep the hatch open as a bit of a last minute exit if you need to. If you hear that the planting below and you can't see them above, obviously the hatch is going to give you a way down. You just got to watch out for that window because you're going to be seen as you drop. But now

[36:53]
all of a sudden you're right back inside. You can't really do much from the hatch cuz the nature of where it is in the corner. You can't get an angle to anything really. I'd love to be able to watch that window jump in from the hatch, but you have to go like I think you can get a bit of an angle on it, but you have to go prone and it's really awkward and you're like it's just a bit crappy. Like you don't want to be holding an angle like that with your feet shown there. Plus, you can't really play it anyway cuz there's probably

[37:14]
going to be an attacker on that door. So yeah, that's upstairs. I would probably make a rotate here as well just to go between mini bar. So in here you can hold if anyone walks in the breach, you can hold here or you can play the mini bar as well. It's a little bit stronger to uh to be able to back off into this room because this breach probably will get open. Um so yeah, I mean I I don't like it. You can probably tell by me

[37:35]
tone. I don't enjoy it. I don't think it's fun. And maybe it's cuz I don't play it enough. I've got a theory that if we start playing the tertiary sites and the fourth choice sites more often, you'll win more defenses because attackers won't know what to do. Like if you're an attacker, right, and you load into skyscraper and the defenders play a bedroom first, what are you doing? How do you attack it? You just you do basic

[37:56]
stuff, don't you? Because you don't really know. You probably use this door. You'd absolutely use this window here and closet. I keep calling this closet, by the way. What's this actually called? This isn't closet. This is side entrance. You'd absolutely use those direct methods, wouldn't you? You'd also use the delivery door a lot. Would you go upstairs? Do you know the vert upstairs? I mean, probably know the basic vert like this is the table where

[38:17]
the lamp is here. That's the table upstairs and office. You can use that as a reference point. Let me show you that actually. Make me make a hole here. Let me just This is just nothing to do with the defense, but it's just a little reference point. If you're below and there's somebody playing the table, which happens quite a lot, a defender playing here onto the brereech, they peeking around the table, be throwing smokes over the top of here. If you want

[38:38]
to know where this table is below, use that lamp as a reference point. That is the end of the table where the lamp is. So, you can see there that you've got the edge of the table there. So, if there's someone playing behind the table, they're going to be in this area here, right along this strip, just behind the lamp. I I can't recommend just like learning things like that so much in Siege on these maps. Just use reference points below. There's so many

[39:00]
things I've got in my as sad as it might sound in my head where if you were to ask me a ver an important vert spot, you know, if you said something, oh, where's the bath in Villa, I probably wouldn't know that off the top of my head, but if you said where's behind the triple wall in Villa, I would have a reference point below as to know where to go. And the the dev team do a pretty decent job in the sense that there's a lot of reference points below. A lot of what's

[39:21]
below can also be transferred to what's above as well, like the outlines of the walls and stuff. You can generally figure it out with a footprint above and below. Anyway, that's bathroom how I defend it. You must defend above. Similar one more thing just be I don't want to just cast it off as rubbish. Although I do think it's rubbish. Um I do the same thing again. kind of draw a line across the map and say anything sort of that side of the of the defense

[39:43]
you can have it as the attackers like I'm not too bothered about that side. I know when you're defending office exhibition I'm talking about you've got to defend over there as well but again like I said about kitchen bed sorry kitchen barbecue you can't defend below above and on the other side of the map. You'll be too spread out again. Um so yeah there you go. Bedroom bathroom worst site on the map. Use these holes for smokes. You can do that in office

[40:05]
exhibition as I don't know why I didn't demonstrate that when I was talking about smoking. Yeah, get through that breach now, attackers. Smoke's such a good operator. Anyway, that's skyscraper. So, there we have it. Every single site. As I said at the beginning, skyscraper is certainly a defender siding map. Probably one of the most defenders sided maps in all of the

[40:26]
ranked map pool. However, as I said at the beginning as well, it has to be set up right to take advantage of the benefits that a setup can give you to win more defensive rounds. Hopefully what I said there and what I've been through there will give you more of a steer on how to do it. And remember, as I said, I keep repeating myself. As I said at the beginning of the first site, I think it was only make the head holes that you plan on using or letting your

[40:47]
teammates use. Don't just have that mentality of I've seen it in a video. I'll do the head holes cuz that's what I think you're supposed to do. It can be um it can work against you. What was the word I was going to say then? I was going to say like degra not degrading is it like degradation? I don't know. It can be it can be it can have a negative impact on the team if you make a load of head holes. No one knows why they're there and no one knows why they're using them.

[41:09]
Use the ones that your team know about or that just you as a solo queuer knows about and will use. Right then, that sums it up for another video. Thank you as always for getting involved. I feel like it's ages since we've done a setup video, but you know, it's good to go back to them. They're nice and easy for me to just run through four sites, so I quite enjoy doing them. I also think there's a there's a real art to defensive setup in Siege. And I think you have to be a certain kind of siege

[41:31]
player to want to learn defensive setups. And I think you end up being the best type of siege player. I'm not just saying that cuz I'm like that, but you know the type of siege player who isn't interested in defensive setups, right? Just picks Dark or Thunderbird or Vigil, just runs away at the beginning of the round, isn't asked about the setup whatsoever, but then when they come back to sight in a a 2v2 towards the end of the round, they'll be complaining that

[41:51]
there's not rotates in the right place or something's not reinforced that they wanted and all that sort. We know exactly the type of person there. So, there's something about the art of setting up a site and the sort of mechanics and methodology behind why you put a rotate head holes in certain places. I absolutely love it. It was what makes Siege Siege. I don't know why I'm rambling on about why I love defensive setups cuz that's not what this video is about, but that's why I do. Right. Thank you as always for

[42:12]
getting involved with the channel. I really, really appreciate it. Um, Siege is going through a tough time in the old content world at the minute. The Twitch numbers and YouTube numbers are are not what they used to be for me and not not just for me, but for other creators as well. So, the fact that you've watched this video, I really appreciate it. It really helps me out and I still really enjoy making the videos and I'm not going to stop. I'll do it if it's 10

[42:33]
views. I I don't I'm not interested. I love the game. I love making videos. I It's what I enjoy doing. So, I'm going to carry on doing it if that's all right with you. Thanks as always for getting involved with the channel. Like, comment, subscribe, and all the other stuff I should probably say if I'm good at YouTube. I'll see you on the next one. All the very best.
